"I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, Complex Depression, Anxiety and also have HSVII. AMA!  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, Complex Depression, Anxiety and also have HSVII. AMA!  reddit.com/r/casu...  1 comment  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1    Original Poster    2 years ago    ·   edited 2 years ago  Autogenerated.
  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, Complex Depression, Anxiety and also have HSVII. AMA! 
   bukake_attack  :
 How do you feel on a good day, and how do you feel on a bad day?
 :  herpaderpes01  :
 :
 : A good day for me remembering to take my meds, get out of bed and do
 : housework. My mood is mellowed out, I can get shit done and it feels good. I
 : consider the bad days to be either elated or depressed. Elated is basically
 : me wanting to go out, max all my credit cards, sleep with as many strangers
 : as I possibly can and decide that I'm going to turn my balcony into an urban
 : jungle. (I got halfway through and was like, 'fuck it. I'm never gonna get
 : this done.' It's still not done to this day.) Depressive days are days where
 : I just don't want to get out of bed or if I do, stay in my pajamas and don't
 : go anywhere. The little voice in my head screaming that I'm not good enough
 : is there on the bad days, quiet on the good ones.
 :
 ::  theflamingskull  :
 ::
 :: > sleep with as many strangers as I possibly can   There's nothing wrong
 :: with that per se, but do you let them know you have herpes? Making them
 :: find out on their own is a really shitty thing to do.
 ::
 :::  herpaderpes01  :
 :::
 ::: So, I used to be way worse when it came to sleeping around. I discovered
 ::: I had herpes in March and since then, only slept with three or four guys
 ::: who were okay with me having herpes.
 :::
  IamAbot_v01. Alpha version. Under care of  /u/oppon . Comment 1 of 1 Updated at 2017-09-24 02:02:35.164164
 Next update in approximately 20 mins at 2017-09-24 02:22:35.164189"
"I have been struggling with my life for over 12 years. Today I am on Day 5 of being a better version of myself.  Journey  Close  39  Posted by  16 days ago  I have been struggling with my life for over 12 years. Today I am on Day 5 of being a better version of myself.  Journey  I have been diagnosed with bipolar and severe depression in the past. Was on medication that really didn't help. Then I discovered porn as a way to numb my pain and negative feelings. Being a workaholic and burning myself out was the only thing that gave me a bit of self esteem. Have tried multiple ways to self improvement. Failed miserably at all of them. My life is one long downward spiral of guilt, shame, negativity and zero self worth.
 Today is Day 5 of my small steps in getting better
   I haven't watched porn or masturbated in 5 days.
   I have not snapped at a single person even on the phone
   I did five push ups, five sit ups and five jumping jacks. It's a start.
   I spent a few minutes every day journaling to find some calm.
   I cut out negative media completely from my life.
   I ate healthier. A little better.
   I made sure to listen to people. Without the filter of self defence, without the filter of judgement and without the intense urge to reply or respond.
   I did not take everything that was said or mentioned to me, personally
   I sat in meditation for three minutes. It's just a start.
   I did my online language lessons like a champ.
   I believed in myself for a bright future for an hour. It was a short period of time but made me feel intensely better
   I thanked God for my blessings
   I was not hard on myself.
   There is so much to do and so much of progress to be made. I am so glad I didn't end my life a few years ago.
 All I want is to sustain this progress and not relapse. I struggle with sustaining any form of progress. Wonder if my work schedules have something to do with it."
"Unpopular opinion: Working for starbucks isn’t that bad.  Close  67  Posted by  Barista    1 month ago  Unpopular opinion: Working for starbucks isn’t that bad.  I’ve seen a post like this attempted before, but it came off as pretty condescending - I’ll try my best to reiterate what was said. I’ll sound like an anecdotal andy through most of this though, please bear with me. :))
 For some context and transparency: I’m a cis-female, 18 years old turning 19 on March 30 and I’m 280xxxx. I have been diagnosed with bipolar one and PTSD. I’ve worked at Starbucks up and down the East coast and have worked at close to 40 different stores. I’ve been asked to become a shift before but I’m not comfortable with that yet, I prefer being a barista.
 Starbucks is the best job I’ve ever had. I feel comfortable going into work. I feel confident going into work. I feel Starbucks has done the best they can with preventative measures for the corona virus.
 I’ve done more work and endured more for less pay and no benefits. I used to work in the restaurant industry, I would have panic attacks either during or after every shift. Managers and servers would scream and cuss me out in front of customers. I’ve been sexually harassed multiple times without anyone caring. I’ve worked 12 hours without being allowed a single break, which is illegal.
 Working at Starbucks is a BLESSING to me. I’ve never been sexually harassed, and I know that if I was management would take it very seriously. I can be open about my mental health and make everyone aware of my triggers (loud unexpected noises and unwanted touching). They’ve done their best working around that. I still have many coworkers I don’t get along with, but I can deal with that as long as they aren’t screaming at me or cussing me out.
 They even asked for my pronouns and offered me a pin of them if I wanted! I was assigned female at birth and I identify as such but I thought them asking that was extremely thoughtful and respectful - whereas any other job I’ve been at I most likely would’ve had the opposite experience if I was non-binary or trans.
 I love the benefits - the free coffee beans, free drinks, free food, Spotify premium, and we get tipped pretty well at my current store too. The customers can be assholes, yes, but that happens EVERYWHERE. Starbucks as a whole has consistently treated me better than any other job I’ve had (I’ve had 8 different jobs since I was a junior in high school).
 I agree that in some areas where the numbers of the virus are high, the store should be closed down. There’s seven cases in my whole state and only one of them is anywhere near my store, though.
 This job can be stressful, but most jobs in fast food are, and I feel Starbucks is the best fast food place to work at honestly. I’ve worked at Dunkin and I did the same amount of work with maybe a ten minute break if I’m lucky, they paid exactly minimum wage ($7.25 in my state), the only “benefits” I got were one free donut and sandwich per shift, and just regular iced/hot coffee. No espresso drinks or coolatas or whatever.
 Can Starbucks do better? Absolutely. But I feel going on a nation wide strike and protesting our work conditions is a little unfair to the company. Starbucks has consistently had my back and I will have theirs. Not everyone’s experience is like mine, I understand that, but I personally feel that what Starbucks stands for (the whole “one cup at a time” thing), as cheesy as it is I love it. I love making people’s days, I love hearing about their day and that they love the drink I made them. I simply feel all the good I’ve experienced at this job simply out weigh the bad.
 Please let me know if I did okay getting my point across and I’d love hearing any and all of your experiences/thoughts. Thank you!
 EDIT ONE: First off, I want to thank everyone for sharing their experiences and just want to clarify, I am by no means saying that Starbucks is perfect. Far from it actually. Just pointing out that it’s the shinier of shit when compared to most fast food or food oriented places - especially the restaurant industry. Management of a store really does make or break your experience and I’m thankful that my current store is very by the books, whereas my previous stores were not at all. I am on your side."
"Bipolar without medication  General  Close  11  Posted by   Bipolar 2   2 months ago  Bipolar without medication  General  So... I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder (type 2)14 years ago. The first years, I tried medication but had strange side effects from most of them. Like I took one type of medication and woke up in the morning with hypothermia. Apparently it's a rare side effect that can happen. I try not to read any list of side effect to prevent my mind to invent some etc. I was medication free for 8 years because I had a wonderful wife that was helping me a lot, telling me if I was in a mania or a down etc so I could steer myself back in the right way .. but she left me 2 years ago and now I am out of control...
 2 weeks ago, I went to my doctor because the medication I was taking prevented me from sleeping and I am now constantly tired and depressed because of that.
 She gave me the bad news : I tried almost every kind of molecules there is for bipolar disorder. She's out of options for me.
 The only thing she could think of was to try to use NAC, in conjunction with vitamin D, fish oil, L-theanine and a medication for migraine that also causes sleepiness.
 It kinda work. I started to feel a bit better but a simple breeze in the wrong direction bring me down instantly.
 I am out of options. I think maybe there is some stuff I could do to improve my balance. I know about exercises but I have my daughter full time since my ex wife is currently suicidal and this prevent me from going 5 days a week to the gym like I used to do.
 Do you guys have any tips to get out of a depression without meds?"
"Why?  REQUESTING SUPPORT  Close  9  Posted by  1 month ago  Why?  REQUESTING SUPPORT  My now ex wife cheated on me and lied to me and ran off with my daughter. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I lost my job because i was arrested driving my drunk girlfriend home and the tire on her car blew out in the freeway. I wasn't drunk but was arrested for a dui because the cop lied and said i refused a blood test. Dealing with all the stress has kept me in a pretty depressed state lately and my gf decided she was done with dealing with me and my court stuff and broke up with me.
 I have no money, no job, my student loans are in default so i can't go back to school. The only reason me and my now ex gf survived was because her dad pretty much paid our rent. It took her a year to finally see a therapist and psychiatrist that she had talked about since i met her.
 I'm just having a really hard time seeing any reason to keep fighting and trying to go on."
I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm unsure if I feel connected to people here  Close  5  Posted by   Bipolar 2   2 years ago  Archived  I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm unsure if I feel connected to people here  I've been told that the probability of me having bipolar seem pretty high, but for some reason when I see people post here, I don't feel it. Whereas when I browse  r/depression  I can feel everything to heart. Is that an issue some of you also have?
"HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity?)  General Question  Close  5  Posted by  3 months ago  HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity?)  General Question  Hey y'all,
 I'm exposing myself here, but I figure, here goes.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm nervous that that's not what I have, or I may have something more than that.
 I've talked to myself ever since I can remember, coming up with 'characters' through which I go through life. At first this was just games and I'd make up little plays and games with these 'characters', but now I go through daily life talking through them, to myself. They have names. However, they're characteristics aren't different from my personality, they're not very different from each other; it feels like I'm the same person, just with different names that I used to talk to myself and work through my problems or my day. All the characteristics and everything add up to make up 'me.' I'm fully conscious of these 'characters,' don't have amnesia, no forgetfulness, don't really notice dissociation throughout the day.
 I also struggle with binge-eating at times, but never self-harmed or abused substances. I do have a history of trauma mostly shared with my family.
 I'm nervous that I may have traits related to BPD, DID, or C-PTSD. For anyone co-morbid, or who just have those disorders, how did you know? Has any of what I said resonated?"
"Maybe this will give someone a little hope  Close  13  Posted by  3 months ago  Maybe this will give someone a little hope  I'm not trying to brag or preach. But this is something that would have really given me some hope and I would like to see. Also, people without bipolar just don't understand the wins when they're things they already do. You know? I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 2 for coming up on two years now and the diagnosis changed my life significantly. Switching from an antidepressant to a mood stabilizer (lamictal) made me feel like a person in control of their life again. I was able to wake up in the mornings, I didn't have rapid mood swings all day, I felt positive. However I was still struggling with three pieces. I felt anxious and depressed and meds like Wellbutrin weren't helping. And I wouldn't tell anyone, and still won't, but I'm pretty sure I have binge eating disorder. And I struggled getting homework and housework done. It was so frustrating to be so close to feeling like a productive person but also so far. One day my sister suggested maybe I have ADHD. She has it, upon closer inspection it seemed my dad definitely has it. And it's comorbid w bipolar. So I took this to my psychiatrist and she suggested I try Adderall. It worked a little bit. I had motivation, it repressed my appetite and gave me more self control. Still not quite perfect. I just a few days ago started Extended Release Adderall and I think this might be the missing piece. Suddenly I feel at peace. My brain isn't going a million miles an hour and I didn't even realize it was in the first place. I feel like I can clean my room and do my laundry. I feel like for the first time I have so much control over what I eat and how much I eat. My impulsivity has gone way down. And I just feel happier and more positive. I went to the gym for the first time in months and feel like I can keep going back. Something that's been on my to do list for years.
 So friends, don't forget that mental illnesses don't always look like they do in TV and movies. Read past the first 5 symptoms. My ADHD doesn't look like stereotypical ADHD. Best of luck to all of you, you've got this!"
"How can I stop this? Please help  Advice  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  How can I stop this? Please help  Advice  There is honestly too much to explain. For nearly my whole life I have seen things, heard things, been physically touched, targeted, predicted deaths and felt a dark presence around me. I'm really fucking sick of whatever this is and I just want it to stop. I moved across the country and whatever this is stopped for a while. It started again recently... I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and sometimes it's hard to distinguish between what's in my head and what's real.... I have no one around me to be completely honest with and to ground me in an unbiased reality.
 Lately, it feels like whatever this is is amping up and has more power over my life than myself. Am I crazy? If I am then how have I share experiences with others? By complete coincidence?
 I need an unbiased friend right now who can help guide me through these days. Being isolated makes this so much worse and I'm tired of being afraid and drained every day...
 I just want to own my life again. I don't know where to turn. Please help if you can :(
 I want laughter back in my life. I want to come back into myself and what I value. I get afraid sometimes but for the most part I am just so damn exhausted and it feels like all that's left of me is just a husk of who I once was...
 Apparitions, lights, voices, rumbling coming from outside at night. I could go on and on."
[No Advice Needed] I've been out of a relationship I wanted to work and I've been diagnosed with bipolar. But I'm kind of ok  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  [No Advice Needed] I've been out of a relationship I wanted to work and I've been diagnosed with bipolar. But I'm kind of ok  That's it really. I added the NAW because ... yeah I just want to talk.
I did it again.  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  I did it again.  2019 was very rough for me. I was depressed really bad, went through a couple hard break up, financial problems, basically I hit rock bottom that year. Even think to just end it all, not just one time, but on several occasions. Today, I start to feel bad again, I've been diagnosed with bipolar type 2 and dysthymia by my psychiatrist. He gave me some medications, it helps. But today not so much. Today is really rough, and the time I'm writing this post I've been crying for hours and start to inflicting self harm, again. I'm just tired, with these overwhelming sadness, and basically everything. I feel so alone, and I feel like no one can understand me. I'm so tired and so done with everything.
"A thought on terminology: Do you say, ""I am Bipolar."" OR ""I have been diagnosed with Bipolar""?  Close  19  Posted by  8 years ago  Archived  A thought on terminology: Do you say, ""I am Bipolar."" OR ""I have been diagnosed with Bipolar""?  I think that saying that you have been diagnosed is much better to say because you aren't attaching yourself to a  word  - that being ""bipolar"".  Someone with cancer or diabetes wouldn't say, ""I am cancer"" or ""I am diabetes"".  That would just reinforce their illnesses and make them feel sick.
 I learned this from reading Eckhart Tolle, and it's just silly to attach yourself to a word, solely because it feeds the ego.  The ego is always trying to attach itself to something and define itself - but it's not you.  Try to think like a Buddhist and think  non-attachment  and free yourself from your ego and attaching yourself to words that society constructed :)
 Remember, the center is where it's at!"
Hey guys I'm new here, I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder a week ago and wanted to get in touch with a community like because I really feel hopeless rn 😔🙂.....I'm 16 years old and I had some traumas which I think is the cause, plus I've been doing polyphasic sleep for a month or so.  Close  131  Posted by  4 months ago  Hey guys I'm new here, I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder a week ago and wanted to get in touch with a community like because I really feel hopeless rn 😔🙂.....I'm 16 years old and I had some traumas which I think is the cause, plus I've been doing polyphasic sleep for a month or so.  27 comments  share  save  hide  report  95% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  level 1   Bipolar 2  19 points   ·    4 months ago  Hey, at least you were diagnosed early my friend.  Most people dont find out until theyre in their 30s.  This is going to save you a lifetime of struggles.  Youre blessed to have found out so early.  Its a lifelong disease but its not that bad.  Just take your pills and go to therapy.  You'll be alright.  Much love
"Want to end suffering  Close  23  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Want to end suffering  I didn't know this subreddit existed until a few minutes ago, so I apologize if I violate any rules, but this seems like the right place for how I'm feeling.
 I have been dealing with my mental illness since I was 11 years old. I'm 20 now, so it's been half my life, and almost all of my life that I can remember. I'm diagnosed with bipolar. I have tried so many treatments, including over a dozen stays at inpatient psychiatric facilities, over 40 different medications, everything from SSRIs to antipsycotics to mood stabilizers. I've also tried electroconvulsive therapy, cranial sacral therapy, hypnosis, and pretty much every type of talk therapy that there is. None of it has worked for more than a couple months at most, so I feel like there's no hope for me to get better, and I don't even want to try anything else, because the more time that passes, the worse I get. In the past year, I had a suicide attempt that put me in a coma, 3 inpatient stays, over a dozen different medications, and over a dozen ECT treatments. After all that, all I want is to be dead. I hate myself, and I think that I'm a terrible person. I think the world would be a better place if I wasn't in it."
"Concentration methods  General Question  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Concentration methods  General Question  Hi all,
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar, treated with venlafaxine and lamotrigine, and recently metylphenidate to boost creativity/concentration/motivation. However, I have a hard time going about my BA Thesis, which is due soon enough that I should be worried about it.
 It's not that I have an episode of depression and no desire to do anything - actually it's the opposite, I am extremely active, it's just that I cannot focus on this particular thing. It feels extremely overwhelming and the deadline is creeping up on me, making me stressed, yet I cannot force myself to write and progress.
 My topic is really good (not good-good, good in sense that I am familiar with it and it suits me), I find it interesting, I have some material already, but I just cannot move forward at the pace I should. I just wasted entire day playing lol despite my utter hatred for it and sense of guilt due to not making any progress on a uni and work-free day.
 Any tips for that?"
"When you feel a depression coming on, have you managed to find any ways to fight it off before it takes hold?  Close  10  Posted by   Bipolar 1   5 years ago  Archived  When you feel a depression coming on, have you managed to find any ways to fight it off before it takes hold?  I'm diagnosed with Bipolar 1 and I was up for a few days, and now (predictably) I am rather down.
 Have any of you found ways to lessen how deep a depressive episode goes? I find that sometimes, if I catch it early enough, I can almost 'wriggle out of it's grasp' before it gets really bad.
 For me, forcing myself to get up early, get dressed, eat meals at a normal time and going out and interacting with people or doing something constructive can work. And once the depression takes hold properly, I cannot do any of those things.
 What works for you?"
"Isn't it supposed to get better once you reach a low?  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Isn't it supposed to get better once you reach a low?  Let me start off by saying that I've seen my current psychiatrist for over a year now and have been hospitalized twice last year due to suicidal ideation.
 I recently got kicked out of my mom's place because I couldn't hold a job down and was failing school.
 No job = no home
 My fiancé took me in and has been caring for me the past few months while I get my medications in check and try to cope with everything has happened. I'm starting to feel a lot better in some ways, but others I feel worse.
 I feel safe now. I don't have to tip toe around where I live now, I don't get talked down to. I'm not working right now but I have recently been taken off of disability because it was temporary and I'm going to see if I qualify for long-term. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2 and GAD.
 I don't stand for self diagnosis but I probably have some form of social disability (spectrum?)
 The point is, I'm alone. A lot. I have two dogs with me so it helps my paranoia at night but I'm starting to feel emotions I haven't felt in ten years. I feel anger. Ever since I was kicked out I rarely talk to my family anymore.
 But.. it doesn't bother me? I feel numb.
 Tomorrow is thanksgiving and I almost fear going to spend time with family. I'm experiencing a depression state right now that's been going on for a few days now.
 My fiancé has to work all day and night, and the following day because Black Friday. So if I don't go I will be alone. I'm not sure what to do. Everything is so confusing and I took more Xanax then I'm supposed to just so I can get by.
 I'll probably just sleep all day."
Are there any similarities between bpd and bipolar?  Close  5  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Are there any similarities between bpd and bipolar?  I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder right now but I find a lot of bpd symptoms relatable. I'm thinking since it's my first visit with my therapist he might change his mind later the more we talk, but are there any similarities between the two?
"Day 1 of sobriety , again.  Close  8  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Day 1 of sobriety , again.  Maybe it was a good thing. Don't get me wrong, I'm ashamed and mad at myself, but I think it opened my eyes a bit wider. When I decided for health, happiness, and sobriety 8 days ago, it was kind of a quick stop. I had been thinking about it for a long time but it didn't hit me how bad my problem was until then.
 Yesterday on my one week of no drinking, I was feeling good. Proud and energetic. Yesterday night, I was feeling crazy. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and even though I'm on meds for it, I still have those times where I just feel like I need to jump out of my skin. It's hard to describe, but is horrible.
 I took some anti anxiety medicine, couldn't get out of it. I couldn't numb it, so I turned what always works: drinking.
 Nope it's the next day. I started this post when I woke up this afternoon and now I'm finishing at 9 PM, when I just woke up again. Still have a headache. Instead of ""life is beautiful""  on my whiteboard it was ""life is hard""  and a bunch of depressing things. My calendar whiteboard was wiped of all my sobriety process and left with a big ""FAILED MONTH"" I did fail myself, but I shouldn't have written that.
 There are empty brisk iced tea cans everywhere from waking up today chugging them from dehydration. Then just leaving them wherever I am and going back to sleep. Now I'm out of soda and have no food in this house. I would eat anything right now, hangovers do that. I haven't got out of bed, I hate myself, I've gotten nothing accomplished, I'm ashamed. I'm back to day 1.
 I think going through this is going to be a good drive not to drink when  I have urges. Oh, it's been worse, but it feels so bad even though I didn't drink a crazy amount this time.
 I'll remember this.
 Day 1"
"What Do I Do?  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  What Do I Do?  So, for the past 6 years I have been trying to get into CNA classes. I love healthcare and I want to use this as a stepping to to become a mental health nurse practitioner. That's my dream job. Anyways this past week, I finally got in! I was ecstatic but I made the mistake of reading people's stories as CNAs and now I am terrified. They talk about how hard is to manage their time (which I already struggle with), patients hitting them, and then still staying in the caring, positive state of mind. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Type 1, PTSD, ADHD, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I want this more than anything right now. I'm excited, there's a rush that I've only had one other time in my life while doing something I was passionate about. But I'm not sure if I can handle this. There's stuff we have to remember to do and to chart and I have short-term memory problems. What if my day sends me into a mood swing? What if I get overwhelmed and have a panic attack while dealing with a patient?
 I dunno. I just need some advice. Any would be helpful."
Mania is getting worse  Close  4  Posted by  1 month ago  Mania is getting worse  I have been diagnosed with bipolar I rapid cycling last month. I take tegretol twice a day 200 mg. I feel that my hypomania starting being mania. How to stop my episode?
"Had an extreme panic attack, but I made it through the storm. I feel amazing - Day 8  Close  9  Posted by   over one year   7 years ago  Archived  Had an extreme panic attack, but I made it through the storm. I feel amazing - Day 8  Right before the dawn of day 7 of my first week, my urges were so powerful I almost lost control. I felt this intense heat and energy in my abdomen and pelvic area. I've been hopeless addicted to escorts and then porn for a while now, and this is the first time I've attempted anything of this sort.
 Anyway, to make matters even tougher, I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II. This past month I've been in a fairly depressive state and always used masturbation and porn to break me out of that. Without that - and with the extra testosterone/energy from not masturbating - I entered what's called a  mixed state . I've never had one before, and to give a  TL;DR  - imagine your ways of thought while depressed yet with the energy of when you're not.
 Anyway, I went to the gym, and I felt so agitated, angry, and a danger to myself and others that I had to get out of there. I've never felt this bad before. I got home, stuck myself in the shower, and went ballistic - started punching things, crying like a maniac, and i had to bite myself to break out of it. I couldn't fall asleep that night either... That's how fucking bad I had it. That's how bad my addiction was. I could not believe it. I called my therapist and he told me to fap- he literally told me to go ahead and do it, but I fucking refused. I never realized how bad I had it until that moment - and I told myself it's temporary, it's temporary, and it isnt worth it. I don't give a shit if I'm bipolar or not - I REFUSE to let my emotions and temptations take control of my life any longer. FUCK that.
 Two days later, and I haven't had a single urge to fap. I feel extremely satisfied, in control, calm, confident, and today I had the most extreme workout I've had in months - oh, and the cute girl at the gym's front desk smiled at me when I walked in (a first) and laughed at a dumb comment I made. Not a bad day overall. Onto week 2"
"Atypical depression and lack of positive vision  Close  1  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Atypical depression and lack of positive vision  [for context, I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II (ultra-rapid cycling, atypical depression), Asperger's, Avoidant PD]
 As far as I can remember, whenever I came out of depressive phases, it was always because I had ""a plan"" on how I could turn my life around. Of course I can't know if I was able to see a way out because I was switching to hypomania, but it felt more like the other way around.
 After a severe breakdown a few months ago, I'm slowly accepting that the traditional idea of having a career and having a relationship is unrealistic for me, even with medication and psychotherapy. The process is slow because I'm a borderline case - I seem to  almost  be able to get there, but not quite. This applies to both social and professional success. Everything is now leaning towards giving up, mainly because of my many psychological issues. I'm really burned out at the moment.
 Now, even assuming that I can find other ways to support myself (which is somewhat realistic), I find it very difficult to see the point in living like that. In other words, this time, there is no plan.
 I feel like I bet everything on a certain outcome of life, and now I can't let go of how it all went wrong. I can't stop thinking about the past, about my one and only relationship, about missed opportunities and embarrassment in the professional world. About how oblivious I've been in the past. I desperately want to go back and fix it all, and I feel like it's too late now. I'm so ...  old .
 I guess my question is: how do you accept a situation like this? How do you come to terms with having certain qualifications and skills and not being able to use them even though everyone tells you how easy it should be to get a job with those? How do you come to terms with the loneliness and with not having a SO to experience life with? Having someone to travel with, someone to support and be supported by felt so good when I had it, but I just can't see how this will happen again any time soon. At best, I might be able to get there in a few years, assuming that anyone I would want would also want me with all my defects."
"When people expect you to be normal  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  When people expect you to be normal  I'm diagnosed with bipolar. I am on medication but obviously i still have episodes. One of the most frustrating things is when everyone expects you to be normal while doing the things you do when you're okay.
 I just finished my first year of university and some of my classes had required attendance that would be added to your grade. It was so hard to force myself to go sometimes. My grades would be so mixed from an A+ in one class to my lowest being a D. It's not that I am bad at school. It's just hard to get everything done when you are depressed and it is even harder when you have to attend classes. The classes I had to force myself to go were obviously my worst and the reason I did bad.
 When I am feeling bad and have an episode where I get super angry or depressed I get treated like I can control it. I'll say things I don't mean and I turn into this different person. The people who know I have bipolar still treat me like it is so easy to just get out of bed, to do the things I need to, and to not behave in certain ways. They know the symptoms and how people who have bipolar sometimes act. Yet I'm held to this degree as if it isn't this big deal. I'll get angry or sad and people will just get frustrated that I can't be the person I usually am. It makes everything worse.
 Right now I have been going through some things and it has been so hard. I found that I have really been treated like nothing is wrong with me this time. I really try to go and do stuff and be normal but that is just something you can't control. Even when you know you're being depressed or maniac you can't stop the thoughts or your actions but everyone things you can.
 I honestly don't know if i can put up with people much longer. It makes me feel like there isn't a point in trying because they just see me as someone who can control it when obviously that is not how it works. Even when I explain it they don't get it. Some people understand in the moment when I explain but then the next time something happens they seem to forget."
"I just got approved for SSI disability... What do I need to know?  Close  6  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I just got approved for SSI disability... What do I need to know?  Hello. I just got approved for disability first try, and I really wasn't expecting it. I did it without a lawyer, so I really don't know what the rules are. Does anyone have any advice for me?
 Note: I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, borderline personality disorder, panic disorder, generalized and social anxiety, PTSD, and alcohol use disorder."
"I'm overwhelmed by the suffering  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm overwhelmed by the suffering  I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, but I'm pretty sure I have bpd, since my emotions have always been very extreme and magnified. In the past few years my life's been getting shittier and so much better at the same time. I got unexpectedly pregnant 2 years ago in a not very good situation and my son has given me the motivation and the strength and really, is making my life worth living. On the other hand my realionship with his father was emotionally abusive and has broken me completely, I broke up with him in August but we have a kid together so we're still constantly fighting. When my baby has to go with him (he's not a bad father, he could do much better, but he's not the worst) my heart shatters, I'm in complete agony, not so much for my son, I know he has a lot of fun with his father, but for me, for everything I miss. My baby lives with me and spends most of his time with me since I only have a few hours of work atm, but I'm trying to get more, and hopefully will soon, and I'm studying, so I feel that everytime I spend and will spend less time with him. So I'm in a constant sway between feeling so lucky and thankful that I get to be this little man's mom and feeling the worst pain because I can't give him the life I wanted for him and guilt that we can't be together.
 And really, comparing, my situation isn't THAT bad, but I'm in so much pain that life's barely worth living. I can just imagine what mom's are going through that have sick babies, or can't feed them or clothe them. I don't know, I'm just overwhelmed and extremely frustrated and disappointed in the human society. I am loosing all my hope for something better and my ability to see the good in people has always been my lifeboat, now I can only see complete, selfish assholes.
 Thanks if you read my rant, I don't know if this is the right subreddit for this but I just thought you guys would be the most understanding of how overwhelmed I feel right now."
"I’m diagnosed with bipolar, but...  Close  9  Posted by  2 months ago  I’m diagnosed with bipolar, but...  I feel like I’m being misdiagnosed, but then I feel like I’m not. My brain always cycles in a state of “wtf is wrong with me?” to “you’re bipolar, remember?”—my mind is very often racing in these thoughts, and I can’t control it. I begin doubting my diagnosis because my mood swings change so rapidly; they usually change a few times a day, and sometimes they last only minutes long. It’s all very confusing to me because I don’t fit neatly into a box of mood disorders (or BPD). One of my psychologists told me that I am rapid-cycling bipolar, but I read somewhere that you have to have experienced an elated state of a minimum of 4 days for it to be considered hypomania. And for me, this just isn’t the case.
 I’m being medicated but nothing seems to be working that much. I get so depressed that I feel empty, worthless, want to hurt myself, and end it all. Does anybody else experience anything like I do?"
MRW I take an online mental problem test and I'm diagnosed with Bipolar disorder  Close  242  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  MRW I take an online mental problem test and I'm diagnosed with Bipolar disorder  i.imgur.com/3ntdiu...  9 comments  share  save  hide  report  89% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   5 points   ·    5 years ago  Do you have a link to the test you took?  Now I kinda wanna see what I will get
Started using an oc astronaut//retro diver to describe my mania and depression. I’m diagnosed with bipolar skitzo effective. I hope you find some stable waters in this storm.  Close  28  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Started using an oc astronaut//retro diver to describe my mania and depression. I’m diagnosed with bipolar skitzo effective. I hope you find some stable waters in this storm.  4 comments  share  save  hide  report  98% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   Schizoaffective  2 points   ·    9 months ago  Great artwork :-)
"New meds. Please tell me your experience with them!  Med Question  Close  5  Posted by  19 days ago  New meds. Please tell me your experience with them!  Med Question  Hi! I recently have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, and got these new bois: levetiracetam, quetiapine, lamotrigine. So, since the first day taking them I have been literally postrated in bed, I feel like someone took my brain and made meatballs with it, and someone just ran a trailer over my body. I have my prior personal experience with quetiapine, but the other two are my first time taking them. Do you have your own experience with them?
 Thank you very much in advance, I wish you all happy thoughts."
MRW I find out about my husband's affair, he files for divorce, and I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 1 all in the same week.  Close  119  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  MRW I find out about my husband's affair, he files for divorce, and I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 1 all in the same week.  i.imgur.com/UgCBkY...  10 comments  share  save  hide  report  97% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   14 points   ·    5 years ago  Personally, I think being diagnosed with bipolar disorder is a positive in this shit sea. At least you can get the treatment you need. Otherwise your suffering would continue.
"I think I've been misdiagnosed  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I think I've been misdiagnosed  I admit I have obscure thoughts , I admit I have bizaar seemingly unapproachable claims.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar , but I just genuinely don't fit the description. Even when it appears I do have something odd about my behavior.
 For example I don't have the depressed aspect , the paranoia is never I'm being attacked by ghost illuminati spirits , it's always realistic in nature. Or as realistic as it could be.
 Or it's disoriented behavior rather then inherent delusion.
 It's never beleive the truth I'm god , it's always I can solve problems with unproven claims.
 It's never considered true. It's always considered potentially true. That distinction means something.
 I think I know what my issue is, it's just that it doesn't make sense for some person to know this explanaition without testing it more closely at least according to what is known, minus what has yet to be discovered.
 What I'm trying to say is that I'm not bipolar , rather i'm suffering from a genetic chimeric brain issue. I just don't know how supposed to get help with something like that."
Wellbutrin  Close  6  Posted by  1 month ago  Wellbutrin  Hello all! I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2 and had a quick question. My doctor just switched me from Abilify to Wellbutrin in addition to my lamictal. What's everyone's experience with Wellbutrin? I only know one person who's ever been on it and she said it was awful. I start it today so I'd like to know what other people's experiences with it have been
"Is this a cause for concern?  Close  3  Posted by  12 days ago  Is this a cause for concern?  Should start this off by saying I'm diagnosed with bipolar and have had issues with seeing things and getting extremely paranoid before.
 I don't know if these are auditory hallucinations or really loud thoughts honestly and it might be a dumb question.
 Currently it's only when I'm tired, there's these random voices (can be a family member, character, or just whatever) that talk to me or to each other when I'm trying to fall asleep or am relaxing. Once I was dozing off when one started criticizing my thoughts. It can also be the sounds around me getting weird, like a television sounding off. Or just random noises.
 This never happened in the past. This is every time I am tired and it's been about a month.
 Should I be concerned about this getting worse or is this just normal?"
"Is this a cause for concern?  General  Close  3  Posted by  12 days ago  Is this a cause for concern?  General  Should start this off by saying I'm diagnosed with bipolar and have had issues with seeing things and getting extremely paranoid before.
 I don't know if these are auditory hallucinations or really loud thoughts honestly and it might be a dumb question.
 Currently it's only when I'm tired, there's these random voices (can be a family member, character, or just whatever) that talk to me or to each other when I'm trying to fall asleep or am relaxing. Once I was dozing off when one started criticizing my thoughts. It can also be the sounds around me getting weird, like a television sounding off. Or just random noises.
 This never happened in the past. This is every time I am tired and it's been about a month.
 Should I be concerned about this getting worse or is this just normal?"
i need help? i don't know if anyone else does this?!  Advice Needed  Close  2  Posted by  2 days ago  i need help? i don't know if anyone else does this?!  Advice Needed  hi! so i've been doing this habit since i was a child (i'm 18 now!). i have a favourite blanket of mine and i pull the strings out with my mouth, i never eat the strings though. i do this when i wake up and when i go to bed. i can't sleep without doing it. i don't know if anyone else does this? or maybe has suggestions to controlling it more. i'm diagnosed with bipolar but i haven't read anything about this with bipolar people! please help!!! how do i stop this!!!
"I’m not telling my boyfriend I’m diagnosed with bipolar disorder (i’m recovered). We’ve only been together 3 months. What should I do?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I’m not telling my boyfriend I’m diagnosed with bipolar disorder (i’m recovered). We’ve only been together 3 months. What should I do?  sorry if this is really long, but I could use some help. I wrote down some pros and cons to make sense of where we're at:
 .
 One one hand I have reasons for keeping quiet.
   he already knows I take medication (not what for), and he knows vaguely i have highs and lows.
   I just want to be judged for who I am and how I behave in RL, not based of the diagnosis i’ve been labeled, and all the scary shit written about it just a google search away. I feel like telling people I have “bipolar” doesn't say anything about who I am, but it says a lot about what people think it means. Because it is on one hand a label, and i know what most people think when they hear it.
   is that it would take me a lot of time to talk about it an unpack what it actually means in my case. You know, explain that i don’t swing every other second, that i’m not violent, or lack empathy, to explain i’ve been on medication and stable for a long while and that even my occasional highs and lows are so mild now they don’t meet criteria.It’s just such a long and intense topic of conversation, I don’t even know if I can jump into it or explain it properly. I feel like it would make him understand me less, not more.
   is I am afraid that he will worry about me, and worry that the worst will happen. I’ve never self-harmed or attempted suicide even back when I was unmedicated,
   but I’m afraid that will be something he’ll worry about still. I don’t want to be in a relationship that has that kind of dynamic.
 5) is, I don’t usually even think about it. I mean I take my meds, but I still go through periods of time where I forget I even have mental illness. I have that kind of incredible luxury,because I’m in a way, recovered. I like that it’s not something that hangs over me anymore, I just don’t worry about it. Even when I feel mild symptoms come back, I know how it goes, most people don’t even notice, i still function, feel normal again in about 1-4 days. Like nothing ever happened. I feel like If I have someone who cares and worries about it, it will hang over me again.
 6)  is, I don’t want anyone to feel sorry for me, I don’t feel sorry for myself. If anything I feel blessed for the kind of life i’m able to live now.
 7) maybe its too soon. Maybe it doesn’t matter. Maybe it doesn’t make any difference.
 .
 But then there are the other reasons for why i feel i compelled to tell him.
   I feel like my silence is somehow wrong. I can’t expain it, but I feel this incredible guilt for keeping this from him.
   2 I’m just thinking about what’s best for me, but what if it’s not what’s best for him?
 3) he has a lot of questions. Why my medication makes me drowsy when I take it. Why I take medication. What my medication is. Why I can stay up really late sometimes, and need more sleep other times. Why I have a sleep routine, why I make myself fall asleep when I feel like staying up all night. Why I avoid smoking weed, Why I avoid drinking too much, why I’m so goddamn careful about everything.
 4)  I’m tired of not giving him clear answers. I feel like I’m lying. Like not outright lying, but just not saying stuff when I should. It just feels wrong.
 5) there are those occasional times when my mood is questionably high or low, and it usually just gets written off as good/bad happening, rather than the truth - i just woke up that way and it will go away when it will.
 6)  I worry about wether or not it effects him, or if he even aware.
 7)  What if it’s actually obvious. What if he already knows, and just isn’t saying anything either?
 8) it’s also made me who I am today. I don’t take life for granted - because I know rock bottom. I take the long and hard road  with my goals- because I’ve learned many times that there’s no shortcut. Even though i’m usually stable, i’m still affected by my past experiences in the way I approach life. It’s not just a bad thing."
My family found out I take lithium. Their reaction makes me regret not killing myself when I had the chance  Close  82  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  My family found out I take lithium. Their reaction makes me regret not killing myself when I had the chance  They don't care. They don't give a shit. They just want to believe what they believe and be right. I always put the thought of them in my mind, as a reminder of the hurt I'd evoke if I were to do it. And when I finally decided to seek help, when I finally decided to get myself diagnosed, I was met with negativety. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, taking 300 mg of lithium twice a day. My friends had nothing to say, and encouraged me and saluted me on going (they've seen it all over the years). My mom found my lithium and questioned me, then told me dad. My sister, a med student, goes like "no, you're not bipolar. You can't he diagnosed with bipolar that fast." And my dad hops on the wagon. They yell at me for taking lithium, they don't think I'm depressed, they think I'm fine and have been misdiagnosed. And that's all because I've locked myself away from them ever since I was a teenager. I hid my emotions, I hid everything, I became stoic. Because their reactions have always been like that: they believe what they want to believe, not what's true. And when I tell them I'm depressed, when I finally open up to them, they refuse to believe. At least now I could kill myself without having to worry about them. They never really gave too many shits about me, just about themselves and their beliefs and social status.
"Venting: Mania induced psychosis causing temporary amnesia.  Close  12  Posted by  4 months ago  Venting: Mania induced psychosis causing temporary amnesia.  I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder with psychotic features and I'm having a really difficult time. Work has been hectic and stress very high. I can't currently afford to see a psychiatrist so I've been unmedicated for 14 months now. I keep slipping into long manic episodes that last weeks to months that eventually end up in me slipping into psychosis and being hospitalized. The worst of this is the temporary amnesia though. I recently lost my love to overdose and my cat to cancer, and every time I return home from the hospital I forget that they're both dead. I search for them, panic because I can't find them anywhere, and usually end up realizing they've died once I see my cat's urn on my bed frame (I snuggle it to feel calm, I know it's weird). Seeing her urn then, in turn, reminds me that my love is also now dead. This ends up in me crying uncontrollably until I disassociate. Rinse, repeat, every few weeks. It's like I keep reliving their deaths over and over and nothing I do seems to stop my brain from resetting. I wish I could afford a psychiatrist and medication again, because I can't take anymore heartbreak.
 I just don't know what to do.
 Anyway, sorry this is so melancholy. I appreciate anyone who read it all. Thank you."
Question for those with SAD  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Question for those with SAD  Hello, to start off I would like to say I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, adhd, anxiety disorder and I've never been diagnosed with seasonal depression, but I'm positive I have it. For those of you that do have it, around what month does the symptoms start to show up. Last year my symptoms showed up early September and they came in fast and strong. I've been on a new med for a few months and so far were into October and I'm still doing fairly well. I'm jist having hopes that I might make it this winter. Thanks
[By Request] I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and successfully treated.  Close  10  Posted by  9 years ago  Archived  [By Request] I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and successfully treated.  I was diagnosed with  Type II Rapid-Cycling Bipolar Disorder  and use daily exercise, balanced diet, and prescribed medication to mitigate the symptoms. This is one aspect of my life that took me a long time to come to terms with, and I'm not normally so open to discuss it, but I think the time is right for this. AMA.
"Very strange experiences with meds (especially quetiapine and Concerta) and exercise, and now nothing is working  Close  4  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Very strange experiences with meds (especially quetiapine and Concerta) and exercise, and now nothing is working  Hi, I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2 (zero psychosis) or treatment-resistant depression depending who you ask, anxiety, borderline-avoidant personality disorder and symptoms of ADHD and autism. I've always wanted to post here since this seems like the most introspective and non-suicidepreventionbot depression community I've ever seen, but I have a lot to share so I'd just like to ask if anyone has had these experiences with certain substances and procedures:
  Quetiapine:  on 300 mgs I was feeling completely stoned on weed to the point of seeing patterns and faces in trees, and hearing their rustling become voices. AFAIK this is completely paradoxical to the nature of the drug and I haven't even found any google hits on this happening. It was kind of okay on my depression but I couldn't handle feeling this stoned 24/7. This has always puzzled me.
  Risperidone:  put me in a near-coma sleeping all the time for a week, week after that completely cured of depression. Next week, depressed again. Next week, increase dose, sleeping 15 hours a day again, next week free of depression again, next week depressed again. Does anyone just keep increasing doses until they find this?
  Venlafaxine:  I respond very strongly and quickly, never got the saying that ""antidepressants need a month to work"", I instantly feel chipper and happy with huge pupils everytime I increase the dose, and see bright halos and shifting patterns in everything, especially carpets. Never taken MDMA but I've heard it's similar. I'm currently on 300 mgs for a while though and insanely depressed, developed a complete tolerance.
  Weed:  smoking a bit of good sativa would energize and motivate me, give me a clear head and make me want to organize. I've heard this is common for ADHD, and the ADHD specialist I saw was very intrigued by my experience. Unfortunately hard to come by. CBD candies and vape juice (legal in my country) have virtually no effect on me besides making me sleep longer and wake up groggier in the morning.
  Tianeptine:  works instantly after taking the pill. Problem is, after a few months it started working on making me  depressed  instantly after taking the pill. Odd.
  Trazodone:  seemingly zero effect, it barely even helps me sleep.
  Ritalin:  zero effect, not high, not anything. Got a few headaches, I guess. I went up to 36 mg.
  Concerta:  CRUSHING depression, not after taking it and pooping out, but right after taking, and it got so bad I could barely breathe. It lasted for a while after I stopped taking it. Not a ""racing thoughts"" depression, in fact I was kind of feeling good about myself but it was physically painful to move and all I could do was lay in bed.
  Transcranial magnetic stimulation:  worked a charm at first. Stopped working, came back for another round, zero effect.
  Exercise:  HOLY FUCK DOES IT MAKE ME DEPRESSED. All the times I've gone jogging, I come back absolutely crushed, not by my thoughts or that I could have done better (I'm proud of doing what I can) but just a physical wave of hatred and pressure on my chest to the point I'm afraid of going out jogging anymore. I've cried everytime I've done yoga, to the point I couldn't do any more, which sounds like it could be catharsis or some shit but I could never go back to that class. I try to at least get in my steps but walking leaves me alone with my thoughts or sounds I don't like, it sometimes feels like torture just to move.
 I've also been trying intermittent fasting for a few weeks, just to kind of reduce my overall food consumption and because I heard it can regulate moods in bipolar, and I actually felt great while fasting at first but depressed after eating, and now I just feel depressed all the time.
 Does anyone have any insight into these weird reactions?
 I'm currently on 300 mg venlafaxine, 100 mg lamotrigine and 10 mg aripiprazole. All of these worked wonderfully at first but not anymore. (How the fuck am I gonna get down from 300 mgs of venlafaxine if I change the regimen???) Sertraline, paroxetine and lithium did nothing. I try to limit my carb intake and eat a lot of fruit+veg, plus vitamin D has really helped but I already take a large dose and still feel horrible.
 Sorry for the wall of text, hopefully there's someone out there just like me or at least interested in the meds I'd taken."
"Advice on ADHD partner?  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Advice on ADHD partner?  I'm posting about concerns about my own husband. I'm really shaken up about something that happened last night. I find that when he emotionally releases through crying, he'll end up in a laughing fit and ends up being uncontrollable. He'll scream and physically wail around. He's also diagnosed with Tourette's and depression. I wanted to know if this sounds familiar to anyone at all and hopefully give me some insight on what this might be. It seems to me his emotions overwhelm him and the only way he can get the icky feeling out of his brain and body is to scream and somewhat physically out lash. He's not being medicated for ADHD, but he is medicated for this depression.
 I'm diagnosed with Bipolar 2, so I understand dealing with mental illness. I don't understand what he personally goes through and I just want to understand. I love him so much and I absolutely hate seeing him pain. I hate not knowing what the best thing to do is in those situations. They scare me so much."
"Housemate woes, feeling stuck  Advice Received  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Housemate woes, feeling stuck  Advice Received  Hi there, I'm new to reddit so my apologies if I'm being a complete dingus and doing anything the wrong way. I'm definitely open to constructive criticism and that's why I'm asking for advice. I considered posting this story to  r/badroommates  and  r/legaladvice , but i noticed the first is more just for general ranting and the latter is for...well.. Legal advice - and the problem is i don't know if i SHOULD or even CAN get legal advice at this point. I'm mostly just looking for general advice from multiple perspectives and if need be I will continue my search in  r/legal  advice in the future.
    That being said, I'll try to stick to the story but this WILL be a long one. I honestly feel so exhausted just typing it out but I feel if I don't include all the details it wont be complete. I don't want it to sound too much like a rant but I want those who decide to tackle this novella to have as many pieces of the puzzle as they can to offer advice.    I have a housemate I've lived with for many months now, let's call her ""Betty"". Betty has been my friend for many years and we've gotten very close. However, deciding to move in with her has proven a huge mistake. Since moving in there has been a problem around once a month or so, sometimes more or less. A problem that she's either created, instigated, or has with me and/or my boyfriend (lets call him Bob). The way she expresses her frustration is to not let anyone know we're doing something to bother her until she blows up with anger, or to be extremely passive aggressive. I've also learned by finally meeting her parents that she grew up learning that throwing tantrums gets you what you want and has carried that behavior into adulthood.  I don't want to make this sound like I have anything against anyone with mental illness, for I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II. I just want to include this information because obviously mental illnesses play a huge role in people's behaviors. I just want to state things she's done/does that I personally believe is making her mental state worse and also plays a huge part in damaging our friendship and house mate relationship permanently.  Money: She has a huge problem with managing money which has also been somewhat learned from her parents, whom she often gets into screaming matches over asking for money where they'll say things like ""I'm not giving you another dime!"" And then the next day will give her 20, 60, 80, even a couple hundred bucks that she's asked for. She will go over to her parents house and if she sees money lying out (which they do quite often because unfortunately they are both alcoholics) she will just take it. She has a good paying job but somehow is always broke, and it's always a guess whether or not she has paid her own bills or her parents have helped or paid them in full. Her parents aren't rich by any means but they are better off than me and my boyfriends parents, who have been blue collar working class their whole lives. I don't mean this to sound butthurt, but we simply cannot ask our parents for financial assistance because they simply do not have the ability to do so. For instance, there was a situation where her car was needing hundreds of dollars in repairs and her warranty was up so her parents just paid for it. That ended up happening to us and we went completely bankrupt of all our savings to get it back on the road again. Her unsolicited take on that was ""why dont you just go buy a new car? If I can afford my car you guys can afford a new car"" but is repeatedly late on her insurance and car payment. Something we cannot afford to do. We try our best to be as frugal as possible, paying bills first and then seeing if we have any left over to have some fun or purchase an item that is unnecessary to own. We have no pets because we do not feel we are in a financial place to give a pet the care or time they deserve. She has multiple pets and has prioritized things like marijuana over them, feeding them leftovers and stuff from the kitchen until she can do uber to buy them food. And that's where we go to our next subject.
 Weed: I am by no means a stickler on marijuana. I used to smoke it daily myself. I have since quit just because I wish to live a sober lifestyle out of my own personal choice (I was an opioid addict for several years, then smoked a lot of weed, now sober). She treated me getting sober like it was some sort of emotional attack. She said that smoking weed is just ""what we do"" together and that its the way we bond and ""keep our friendship strong"". It's her choice how she spends her time but it's also my choice how I spend mine and she has accused me of being selfish because I don't want to smoke weed. She spends every day watching tv and smoking and on the weekends goes out sometimes usually to hang out and smoke with other people or spend money. I know this because I used to accompany her and she would accuse me of being selfish any time I didn't have money to go out or didn't buy anything. I do agree that marijuana is not addictive in the ways that heroin, coke, alcohol, etc. Are but i believe addiction is a mental illness and thats why there's people who can get addicted to things like on My Strange Addiction. She says out loud all the time that she needs weed to function, cannot go to work without smoking before, cannot go on break at work without smoking, cannot come home to no weed. I've seen her throw things around in her room and trash it because she smoked all her weed and has to wait a few hours to re up. Her dealer often fronts her for whatever reason and will give her multiple fronts without her paying. I've seen her owe her dealer anywhere from $20-$200 and throw tantrums when he's out of weed or is busy and can't sell to her or front her. She also throws tantrums whenever she has to pay him back and is stuck on an endless loop of all her paychecks going from around $750-$900 down to nothing after paying rent and her dealer. I've been around many types of addicts in my life and been one myself but I've personally never seen someone exhibit this type of behavior due to marijuana. This leads to the third subject.
 Mental Health: I am not a doctor or licensed professional in any way. I've just had my fair share of years in and out of therapy and doctors offices for mental health so I get how the system works and how meds work. All the info about her diagnoses, meds, and therapy is just what she's told me (except that Ive gone with her a couple times to pick up meds or pay her talk therapist) . She has 2 therapists, one strictly talk therapist and one therapist that does hypnosis treatment on her. In my opinion her hypnosis therapist sounds terrifying unless it's just how she's describing it. She said he uses strobing lights and puts her in a room where he talks to her through headphones while she looks at the strobing lights and ""puts images"" in her head of her childhood. She had to get a new talk therapist because she told me she kept sneaking out without paying and owed them over $600 (i saw the bill but the reason is what she told me). She will often spend the money she is supposed to spend on meds on other things and is constantly going on and off her mental health meds if she can't buy a months RX. As I'm sure is obvious, being irregular with these things isn't great for your mental state. She also will skip buying her meds to buy weed. I do think weed can be a medicine but she uses it to avoid and escape her problems and emotions. I think her talk therapist seems great, but i just dont get it. She will often parrot things her therapist has taught her but will not apply it. She also uses things she learned in therapy to make excuses as to why she is allowed to be rude and hurtful. Which brings up the final segment.
 Arguments: She has multiple times now blown up and accused both me and Bob of stealing her stuff, especially her weed. Bob smokes occasionally but he buys his own and we never go in her room or take her stuff. I've been with Bob longer than I've known her and I have never seen him steal anyones weed or things and no one else has ever accused us of stealing. Her tantrums have gotten worse and worse over time. She verbally abuses Bob far worse than me, calling him all sorts of awful things and making fun of his family traumas. She tells him he's every cuss word in the book and that she hates him, literally for no reason, and says the only reason they know each other is through me (which is true) but then berates him for not being her best friend. If bob or I ask her to stop she says we're ""triggering"" her and ""disrespecting"" her. She also even before the biggest issue got caught talking about us behind our backs, making up rumors about us. She creates outlandish stories to instigate fights that we need to ""apologize"" to her for (such as saying we stole her stuff or accusing me of never doing dishes when I always do my own dishes, and ONE time had just cooked a huge meal and was cleaning my bathroom before I did the dishes - and then she broke the dishwasher in a fit and i had to fix it) and has straight up said she deserves respect as a house mate but does not have to respect us, then later says she has been respecting us. If we do not instantly comply with her demands she goes apeshit. Any time we try to confront her about her verbally abusive behavior, false claims, or passive/overt aggressive behavior she says we're ""gaslighting"" her even if we have proof she has blatantly lied. She says we tell her she's crazy all the time and we have never told her that. During the most recent argument (about a month ago) she accused us of stealing from her again and then was verbally abusing us both and then decided she would group text her awful BS to us because she ""doesnt like confrontation"". She has all the gall in the world when texting but will not say any of it to our faces and instead chooses to roll her eyes at us and talk to us with a bratty tone of voice and treats us like we're stupid. I told her I wasn't going to put up with any of this behavior and that if she wanted to respectfully talk about the situation like adults that we could. She declined by continuing to verbally abuse Bob and I in an endless rant of how she has ""trust issues"" and ""childhood trauma"" (she does have that but im quoting bc she said it) which she says gives her the right to talk to us however she wants. But no matter how calm we remain, use no insults, no verbal abuse etc. She just dismisses everything we say as lies or refuses to address it. She also has said her feelings are more important than facts and that she can prove we're lying because her intuition is so strong and if she feels like we're lying that means its true. No matter what we say she says it's a lie, and she will not let either of us talk without interrupting with screaming insults or stomping away and slamming doors/things.
 The most recent thing that has happened is she has accused me of keeping her pet in my room while shes away at work, after she asked me to keep him out of my room while shes home and i agreed. I wake up at very strange hours of the morning for my job and so often come home exhausted and take naps. She knows this. I fell asleep with my door open ONE time and the cat hid under my bed. She said I was lying that I was asleep and that I was keeping him in my room on purpose and left me a passive aggressive note telling me I need to keep my door shut all the time, even when she's at work and I'm home, and that I need always to watch him while she's at work so he doesn't go in my room. She's gone 10-11 hours a day 5 days a week and goes out almost every weekend. The pet is lonely and cries constantly whenever he is left alone so I often give him attention when I'm out doing laundry or cooking. I did not lie that I never purposefully put him in my room but I do give him attention and play with him because the only attention he gets from her is her sleeping, or smoking and watching tv. Any time I open my bedroom door he instantly runs in because hes lonely and craves attention. She will not teach him to stop doing this and says it's my fault because I'm ""putting"" him in there. Due to me falling asleep and him entering and hiding in my room without my knowledge ONCE, she has now said that almost every time she comes home she sees him running out of my room. This is physically impossible because i know exactly when she works and keep my door shut when shes coming home from work with him shut out into the common area. I also know when she comes home when she's out doing things when she's off because she stomps up the stairs and her car and person can be heard several minutes before she even enters the home. And she slams the door when she enters as well. He has never run out of my room besides that once.
 She leaves me passive aggressive notes which I have chosen to ignore because I told her I wasnt going to encourage or condone her treating me like that and that I would only talk to her in an adult mature manner. She constantly tries to tell me what to do all the while refusing to confront me to my face, and keeps piling on the lies. The worst part is i genuinely cant tell if she truly believes what shes saying. I have responded to her fits multiple times with calm respectful responses and every time have been met back with hostility and false accusations, or she just refuses to answer and starts yelling or leaving notes about another subject.
 I am worried about our lease being up soon because bob and i are trying to transfer to another apartment, but we cannot afford a 2br by ourselves and dont have anyone else to be a reliable room mate as all our friends and people we know already have their own homes or apartments. The landlord also said whenever the lease is soon to be up we will all 3 have to go discuss about what we want to do, and i have no idea if she will cooperate and even show up at all or perhaps make a scene in public (shes made scenes in public before for not getting her way). I cannot get her legally evicted without getting everyone evicted even though she is breaking the lease with her pets, the lease states we would all be evicted. The landlord is very nice and wants to help us get our own 1br but cannot do anything about the people already on the waiting list.
 Should i ignore her like you would a schoolyard bully? Should i try to confront her in person again about her behavior? Should i try to build a legal case against her to get a restraining order? (If i need legal advice i will go to  r/legaladvice )
 Should i try to find other room mates? I dont want this nightmare to happen again and it's been shown friends can turn into this so a complete stranger is even scarier!
 Should I try talking to my landlord again and give them more details about the situation? So far i have only told them it's ""not working out"" because we have conflicting personalities and that bob and i want our own place as a couple which is true. I just dont want the landlord to be unloaded with all this random stuff that doesnt concern them at all, is not their job, and rant to them. I want to show the landlord bob and i are valuable tenants as we pay our bills in full and on time whereas she is wishy washy on whether she does or not.
 I feel like I have no idea what to do because these are the only apartments in the area we can afford which is why we chose them in the first place. We have NO backup place to stay and would be homeless. We could possibly afford other apartments in the area with room mates, but the closest apartments to these are $400 to $500 more a month for 2brs because ours are low income apartments (idk why theyre really nice in my opinion but i grew up in a trailer so what do i know). These are also the only apartments in the area we can afford a one bedroom by ourselves. We are doing everything we can to work hard and make as much money as possible, but we can't afford to up and move to a different town/city right now and really need to have a place to live. I've been homeless before and have worked my ASS off to have a normal house and normal life and the thought of being homeless again brings tears of fear to my eyes. I trusted her as my friend and moved in with her because I didn't have anywhere else to go and now this. I'm worried she will either do something to get me fucked over or that just not living with her anymore will mean having to move in with complete strangers or worse, us not being able to find an available apartment less than 2brs, meaning too expensive. We both are constantly striving to move upward in our jobs and make bigger and better career choices to make more money but that takes time. Time that takes longer than what we have now which is only a few months. Bobs boss is talking about giving him a promotion and raise to salary soon but we don't know if it's solid yet. We both also do side jobs to make extra.
 What should I do?????? And sorry for so long of a post. Sincerely, A confused and exasperated human being"
"Bipolar? Hypochondriac? Imposter syndrome?  Close  3  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Bipolar? Hypochondriac? Imposter syndrome?  I first started experiencing depression when I got rejected by a girl in 2011 during freshman year of highschool, and after half a year I started seeing different psychologists. I was a tough client I think, nothing went in, partly because of what I felt was incompetence and I already at that time had arrogance-issues which made me not trust them. Last year my mother told me that if I weren't 17 and almost an adult, my parents would've lost me because of neglect.
 Last year, after some years of tumultuous emotions even when having an extremely boring day-to-day life being a college drop-out feeling sorry for himself, my mind was feeling like it could shatter at any moment. I finally sought help, and after a month I got referred to a psychologist. I tell them that I lie to disguise shameful things, or to get a conversation going in a favorable path for me. I usually always plan out my motivations in my head before having a conversation with anyone, saying those things made me feel like I was a psychopath.
 The 8 months in 2018 I went to see her, it was mostly just diagnosing, answering questions as broadly as I could. I get diagnosed with ""unspecified bipolar disorder with a mixed personality disorder"". One of the first sessions she mentioned maybe ADHD which I'd never thought of, but speaks more and more to me.
 Now, about 18 months later, I'm doing much better. Started on some (light) medication, I've cut my (N?)mom out of my life, I've figured my dad out to be a simpleton when it comes to emotions after seeing their divorce, he never hated me, he's just really stupid about this. My confidence is at its highest its been the last 10 years (still not very high but, progress), but I'm starting to feel queasy over the whole situation, now that I'm well I feel so much shame, like I've wasted the opportunity to get fully better by not being a good enough patient, also I'm not sure how much of that I said was really true or just something at the time I thought was good enough, or, if I actively tried to push a diagnosis.  I feel like it's really impossible to know, and having lived with anxiousness as an important part of my personality, I can't really shake off the feeling. I really don't think so, but my entire life has been filled with shame, confidence and combativeness in life went from 100 to 0 in 1 year, but now I kind of think I just made everything up to feel sorry for myself. Reading the other posts here... I'm nowhere that. Maybe some weeks when I was 16... maybe. Physically I've basically tried to ruin my body with extreme swings in eating, basically being a stoner and haven't been very active, I somehow have escaped everything I could've done to myself. I lost over 20kg in a year at one point and have been told I'm more than handsome enough to have a chance in the nightclubs everytime I go out, but my self-image stays from when I was borderline obese.
 During the last 2-3 years I've grown from being somewhat of a very light everydayracist/misogynist (about the average of my country) to being vocal in the complete other direction, just a complete shift in values. It wasn't until these extreme feelings of self-pity saw the real struggles in the world. What can I possibly complain about? At the same time, I know that is a really fucking stupid thought, every emotion is a real emotion... I guess it my too rational brain trying to figure out the answer to something there is no real blueprint for.
 I'm not sure if I wanted anything with this post, but I read through a lot of submissions here and it made the feeling of being an imposter (have told a few friends I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, not the personality disorder), if my friends go into one of these subreddits, I think they will be really scared for me at all times or something, and won't leave my precious privacy /s
 Much of my anxiety and everyday self-destruction has been related to my economy, being a degenerate gambler not always being able to pay the bills, fear of just being woken up by some offical and being ""outed"" is my worst fear, I have somehow maintained some of the arrogance through all this, I don't think my ego would take it. I have become a lot more forthcoming about my gambling habits, and somehow limiting my self-destruction by having others being aware of it. I live in so much fear of what others think about me and what I do, yet am arrogant and think and act like I'm smarter than 90% of the room most of the time. Sounds like an imposter to me. EDIT: My psychologist said that I always do this, blame myself and just assume that I myself have to be the problem.
 Anyone relate to any of this?
 EDIT: writing errors
 EDIT2: added a paragraph
 EDIT3: writing said paragraph made me think more about that."
"too redpilled to care anymore. how do I get motivation back?  Close  12  Posted by  12 months ago  Archived  too redpilled to care anymore. how do I get motivation back?  I think I've swallowed too many redpills and now have no motivation to chase girls in any way. The ladies here (NZ) are also not attractive at all - it's a fat and slutty nation. Add in STD's, pregnancy risk/child support, hypergamy, AWALT, false rape accusations.... Why the fuck bother with all that risk, as well as all the emotional drama and shit testing bullshit? For what... some sex and company with someone who will probably just leave me for someone with higher SMV, and never loved me for who I am in the first place? I guess I've been infected with a MGTOW mindset far too young (22) before experiencing the world for myself. Sex has been basically handed to me in the past, too easy, and disappointing honestly. But now I'm on a long dry streak because I burned bridges and never bothered to try and get laid again.
 I don't feel like doing anything at all. It feels like I have to force myself even to do basic shit. All I have been doing this year is lifting and fapping, gaming and sleeping. I keep trying to quit the porn, masturbation and gaming but keep relapsing...
 I know I should also be studying and developing skills for a career but I just don't seem to care enough. I also have no idea how to make and keep proper friends.
 Just bored of life. I do nothing yet it's exhausting. I hate feeling like this. I'm diagnosed with bipolar I and now that I look back I've actually always been like this since i started PMO and video game addiction. The opposite of addiction is connection, right? Well I can't seem to connect to anyone or anything, I have no friends, close family, or passions. If I didn't exist nothing would change, it's like nothing matters to me and I don't matter at all.
 I really want to live a better life because I'm sick of this. But it's just so frustrating not having any energy to start taking action and seriously making improvements.
 If it matters, I think I have a solid baseline to work with, being white, tall (6""2), handsome (girls have ALWAYS crushed on me), fit (with a bit lower bf% I'd have the brad pitt in fight club body), and smart (~130 IQ). Apart from all that it's like I'm starting from scratch in every other area - shitty social skills, no game, no job experience etc."
Differentiating mania and hypomania  Close  7  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Differentiating mania and hypomania  I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1, but don't know if I agree with my diagnosis because I believe I've only experienced hypomania. What is mania like for you especially compared to hypomania?
"What Even.  Discussion  Close  3  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  What Even.  Discussion  I'm diagnosed with bipolar type 1, PTSD, ADHD, and generalized anxiety disorder. But I have this particular thing. It's probably nothing but my psychiatrist brought it up and now I'm full fledged studying it because that's how I have learned to cope with everything. I have this thing with notes and letters. They have to be absolutely perfect. I have no idea why but if they're not perfect, the anxiety doesn't go away. I just panic. I can spend all day rewriting 3 pages of notes until they're my status of perfect. My psych said this a type of OCD, but I really just think it's who I am. I can't do stand if my notes aren't neat, if they're not, how am I supposed to find the answers to the questions?
 What exactly do I need to do about this because I don't know how to cope with this at all. That's 5 diagnosis. I would like to keep it at the 4. 4 is a good number. It means I'm screwed up but hey that's okay, I can be fixed eventually. Adding another just throws a wrench in this whole freaking system.
 What do."
"Thinking I read something when I didn't?  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Thinking I read something when I didn't?  I am diagnosed with Bipolar 2.
 Over the past week or so, I have noticed that when I am reading, I will think I read something that I didn't. For example, I was just scrolling through Facebook and saw an old coworker's husband is in the hospital. In the comments section, I was certain I read: ""He has sepsis"". Then I scanned through and it wasn't there.
 I read a lot, both at work and at home, so this is very disconcerting to me.
 It has happened enough to be very noticeable. Is this a form of hallucination? Has anyone else experienced this?
 Thanks!"
"another type me because still confused esfj or enfj  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  another type me because still confused esfj or enfj  • How old are you? What's your gender? Give us a general description of yourself.
 I'm 18 male, I'm Brazilian so, sorry if my english is bad and I guess that's what I have to say
 • Is there a medical diagnosis that may impact your mental stability somehow?
 yes, I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and OCD
 • Describe your upbringing. Did it have any kind of religious or structured influence? How did you respond to it?
 My upbringing was really somewhat chaotic, having a catholic grandmother, a jew mother and an atheist father, but I liked that, made me see a lot of other perspective and made me empathetic towards different people
 • What do you do as a job or as a career (if you have one)? Do you like it? Why or why not?
 I don't have a job but I'm studying biology and I love it a lot, I like to see how plants work, fungus, the human systems, I like how it gives me a lot of possibilities to do when I graduate (I want to study neurological system in computers, bioinformatics that is)
 • If you had to spend an entire weekend by yourself, how would you feel? Would you feel lonely or refreshed?
 I would feel extremely lonely and bored, I need interaction, something to do or someone to talk to, or I will get tired and somewhat anxious
 • What kinds of activities do you prefer? Do you like, and are you good at sports? Do you enjoy any other outdoor or indoor activities?
 I love outdoor activities more than indoors, I like the adrenaline, even though I'm not good at sports(only hockey I was good at it) some indoors activities I like is reading and playing videogames.
 • How curious are you? Do you have more ideas then you can execute? What are your curiosities about? What are your ideas about - is it environmental or conceptual, and can you please elaborate?
 I'm curious, not so much but I'm, I like the unknown and this makes me curious to some extent, my curiosities varies a lot, I'm curious about how the human mind works, I'm curious about the meaning of like, the esoteric and mystical, I'm curious about how the world works and how everything is tied together, how nature works and stuff like that. I usually have one idea at a time but when I see I already have 20, 50 ideas that I need to execute, usually they are conceptual but I like the environmental ideas too
 • Would you enjoy taking on a leadership position? Do you think you would be good at it? What would your leadership style be?
 I love being a leader, I'm sometimes anxious about it and have a hard time taking decisions because I don't want to hurt other people but I can be political and that makes people want me to be the leader. As I said I have a hard time making decisions, so my leadership style would be caring for others, trying to envision a goal, being objective and seeing the future clearly
 • Are you coordinated? Why do you feel as if you are or are not? Do you enjoy working with your hands in some form? Describe your activity?
 I'm not that coordinated even though I have a good balance but I have a hard time with some sensory things like dancing, soccer and other things that require a good coordination. I like to work on some details, love clockwork, I never did it but I like how it all fits in a system, I also like cooking, the smells, the colours, the sounds, taste, it's all incredible
 • Are you artistic? If yes, describe your art? If you are not particular artistic but can appreciate art please likewise describe what forums of art you enjoy. Please explain your answer.
 Yes, I am, I love writing, drawing and painting, I also enjoy all forms of art, especially music and dancing, I come from a family of artists, so I got it from them
 • What's your opinion about the past, present, and future? How do you deal with them?
 the past is somewhat important in some aspects, I'm not tied to it, but I like collecting stuff and recollecting, for example, for my 1 year birthday of dating I did this mural to my boyfriend that was all the places we have been, the tickets the photos, the things I collected, all in glued in a mural... the present is something I try to stay tuned to but my head daydream a lot and I keep going to the future, where I am always. where I have a career plan stretching 10 years into the future, I have a plan and I'm determined by it, I want to change the world somehow and make other people lives better
 • How do you act when others request your help to do something (anything)? If you would decide to help them, why would you do so?
 I try to help them, most of the time I emotionally help them, I like helping people, always did, if they want me to do something, if it is something I can do, I don't see why not
 • Do you need logical consistency in your life?
 not always but is good to have some logic in my life
 • How important is efficiency and productivity to you?
 Important, how will I achieve my goal without productivity and efficiency
 • Do you control others, even if indirectly? How and why do you do that?
 when I'm at my worst I tend to be emotionally manipulative but most of the time I don't, I don't like to do it, I think it's mean
 • What are your hobbies? Why do you like them?
 my hobbies are to take care of plants, cooking and writing. All of them is because I'm helping something, by taking care of plants I'm helping them and to make my life greener, cooking I can help people feel joy and writing I can help people feel better or change their lives
 • What is your learning style? What kind of learning environments do you struggle with most? Why do you like/struggle with these learning styles? Do you prefer classes involving memorization, logic, creativity, or your physical senses?
 I learn by teaching and reading, the ones I struggle the most is memorisation, I struggle with it because it seems like nothing get inside my head and I get anxious about it, I like reading and teaching because is the only way I can remember things. I like classes of creativity and logic (even though I'm not that good)
 • How good are you at strategizing? Do you easily break up projects into manageable tasks? Or do you have a tendency to wing projects and improvise as you go?
 I love to make strategy plans and things like that, that's why I like chess. I usually break up projects to help me with organization but I don't usually improvise or wing projects
 • What are your aspirations in life, professionally and personally?
 Help the world get better, be somewhat famous in my career and personally I don't actually know, I think I want to build a family, be happy, help others, leave the country and go live in Norway and that is, the rest I don't know really, I just planned my career never my own life
 • What are your fears? What makes you uncomfortable? What do you hate? Why?
 I fear loneliness, always did, I can't stand being alone because I fear I'm abandoned, and that makes me unconfortable.
 • What do the ""highs"" in your life look like?
 I talk to everyone, I get excited with the smallest details to the biggest picture, I love going out, partying, creating new friendship, I see potential in everyone and try to help them achieve theirs goal
 • What do the ""lows"" in your life look like?
 I get extremely manipulative, I hate everyone and everything, I get depressed, don't want to leave my bed...
 • How attached are you to reality? Do you daydream often, or do you pay attention to what's around you? If you do daydream, are you aware of your surroundings while you do so?
 I try to be attached to reality, but I daydream a lot, I keep thinking of the future or sometimes the past, I pay attention to things around me if I make effort to do so, I quite like hearing the sounds of things
 • Imagine you are alone in a blank, empty room. There is nothing for you to do and no one to talk to. What do you think about?
 How did I get here, what is happening, how do I get out, and then if don't find a way out I just sit on the floor and do nothing.
 • How long do you take to make an important decision? And do you change your mind once you've made it?
 It takes me a while, I see the pros and cons, I see how it will affect everyone, but after that I don't change my mind easily
 • How long do you take to process your emotions? How important are emotions in your life?
 my emotions is hard to process, but they are quite transparent, when I'm sad I'm sad, when I'm happy I'm happy... and they are important, not like my life depends on them but I like having emotions, only when I'm overly sentimental that I wanted to be a brick, no emotions at all
 • Do you ever catch yourself agreeing with others just to appease them and keep the conversation going? How often? Why?
 yes, I do, a lot, because I don't want to make them sad. Only if they discriminate someone, say something stupid or mean that I'll talk back to them"
"I sometimes wonder if I'm actually bipolar at all, or if it's in my head.  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  6  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I sometimes wonder if I'm actually bipolar at all, or if it's in my head.  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Lately I've been reading up on Bipolar disorder, and I'm enjoying it but it makes me wonder if I even have bipolar disorder.
 I am diagnosed with Bipolar II and so I don't really get manic very often. I don't remember a time I was very manic, and I only ever seem to have episodes of bad depression, and sadness. I am more depressed than manic, but to be fair I am on meds. I guess the only manic episodes I remember is being really irritable and having this weird energy in my body, or having bursts of strange energy and having to clean/organize. Would that even be described as mania?
 And not to mention, I don't usually have long episodes. My episodes last a few hours at most, and then I stabilize to my normal mood. I don't know if that's normal.
 It worries me, because what if I'm just making it up? I'm getting anxious right now thinking about it. It makes tears well up into my eyes, because what if I'm lying to myself?
 It's like I don't know myself anymore.
 What do y'all think?"
"Adhd/bipolar type 2 comorbidity  General  Close  3  Posted by  1 day ago  Adhd/bipolar type 2 comorbidity  General  Hi,
 I was diagnosed with adhd back in 2016. Recently, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 2. I am sure there are a lot of people like that around the world. I come from India where mental health awareness is.... disappointing. I am very confused about my conditions (this might be because I have been put on oxcarbazepine which, I have read here and some other places, causes confusion). If there are people here with adhd/bipolar disorder comorbidity, I would appreciate if they could share there experiences and how they handle both the conditions, as often the symptoms overlap as well as interfere with each other."
"Help I've been Indoctrinated  Close  12  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Help I've been Indoctrinated  So it's my first time on this sub and I have a question I've been dying to ask. How do I fight my indoctrination?   I was raised by a Borderline mom, and she very thoroughly indoctrinated me into being insecure and dependent on her. The indoctrination is basically 'You're too weak to survive on your own and you need your mother in order to survive.'    I fully gave myself to this indoctrination because I thought it was the only was I would survive, and unconsciously took it upon myself to undermine myself and convince myself that I was weak.    I am now 21 y/o, a man, living with my dad, going to school. I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and am on lithium. My bipolar swings match my indoctrination, I'll start with an up cycle where I feel great and am ambitious in what I do until it culminates into some big failure(usually this happens in the middle of the school year) like flunking a test or missing some assignments which leads me to isolate myself and feel very depressed, not going to school for weeks at a time(I have flunked 4 semesters this way), all barreling down to a point where I feel useless and drained and finally admit 'I cant do this on my own, I need a mother figure to help me survive.' I usually recover from there and the cycle repeats itself.    Obviously this is a shitty place to be, but I'll be damned if it's gonna get the best of me. So what I'm wondering is are there any books or movies or podcasts or articles shit really whatever that talk about this sort of indoctrination?  And is there anyone on here that shares a similar experience?  11 comments  share  save  hide  report  94% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   LC with uBPD Mom   4 years ago  Hello! Also bipolar and fighting against BPDmom's indoctrination. It sounds like you're looking for help overcoming co-dependency and building up a sense of who you are, the healthy ego that many of us are denied developing as children. If that's true, check out reading on both  Codependency  and  C-PTSD .
 You are a badass for fighting it :) Shit is hard, but it does seem to get better over all."
BP/SAD in severe dumps  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  BP/SAD in severe dumps  I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 1 and Social  Anxiety Disorder. I was a depressed kid and went manic at age 23. I am now 50, on SSDI for Bipolar Disorder since 2016. I have tried practically every mood stabilizer and antidepressant known to man. I do not go manic but am almost always depressed and there is no real evidence that antidepressants are effective for bipolar depression anyway. I am usually depressed and very anxious around people, not having any real friends and only socialize with my immediate family who I also have some anxiety with. My memory is shot, get confused easily, and feel like a big mess! I’m on lithium for BP and Klonipin for anxiety. I cannot seem to fit into society in any way. I went on Disability due to the severity which prevents me from working a job. Bipolar Depression and Social Anxiety is a tough combo to live with because they play off each other. I have my Christian faith, but it is being tested heavily. If you have these problems, how do you cope or overcome the despair of it all? At times I am a real burden to my family and it kills me but I did not choose to have these illnesses.
"have been eating gluten-free for 2+ years for ""intolerance"" but think I may have celiac. Idea of going on a gluten challenge makes me feel ill. Advice?  Close  3  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  have been eating gluten-free for 2+ years for ""intolerance"" but think I may have celiac. Idea of going on a gluten challenge makes me feel ill. Advice?  I'll start with an apology for the gross stuff I am about to discuss.
 I stopped eating gluten maybe three or four years ago. At the time, I was having a lot of issues with fatigue, headaches, foggy mind, and menstrual irregularities. A lot of the women I went to college with had developed gluten sensitivities (or said they did?) and it seemed like maybe the diet change might help. I half-assed it for a long time because I wasn't ever sure if the gluten-free diet was actually helping anything. I never had any GI symptoms until after I started the GF diet (and cheating on it). It was only from going on/off the diet that I saw a correlation between eating gluten and unpleasant symptoms. Now that I know a little bit more about Celiac's disease, I am making connections between a possible diagnosis and problems I have experienced in the past.
 I have had chronic vaginal and anal itch that I always assumed were yeast infections and I just wasn't using strong enough anti-fungal treatments. They went away within a few weeks of my eating gluten-free and seemed to come back during phases that I started eating gluten. This is why I started taking the diet more seriously. I have also had terrible skin itchy problems since I was about 18 or 19 years old—a few instances of rashes around my knees/wrists that were not helped by steroid cream or antihistamines, and my doctors had no idea what it was and just kept telling me it was psychological. One of these instances was after the first time I suspected I was ""glutened.""
 After about 8 months of strict adherence to the gluten-free diet, I ate some Chinese food that most definitely had wheat in it (seriously beyond whatever amount is in soy sauce). I had terrible diarrhea that night and broke out in an unbearably itchy rash all over my knees about 20 hours later. At the time, I had just started taking Lamictal—there is a risk of the drug causing SJS, so I had to go to the doctor to get my rash looked at. When I said that I thought it might be connected to my eating gluten, the doctor told me about Dermatitis Herpetiformus. My blood test came back negative though, so I assumed from then on that I did not have Celiac's Disease because no one told me that the test cannot work if you are on a GF diet already.
 Fast-forward about a year, and besides a few accidental glutenings and drunken cheats, I have gotten pretty good at eating gluten-free. Since going gluten-free, I have developed some terrible problems with gas and irregular poop stuff that I never had trouble with before. I question if I am now allergic to lactose as well. These problems, however, seem unrelated to whether or not I eat gluten. Recently I have become more lax because of this, slipped up a few times, and nothing too bad happened. Saturday I ate pizza and a few bites of a donut, Sunday my stomach was a little upset but I figured it was more likely from drinking too much tequila. Things still seemed okay so I had gyoza. Well, I have been pretty ill since Sunday night. Mainly diarrhea, gas, and the genital itch is back :/
 While I am sort of wary to connect all my issues to a single source, I have had a lot of issues with intense tension headaches and migraines, menstrual irregularities, weight loss/gain, and insomnia. I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder (type 1) as well, so I won't bother to make connections between mood and diet.
 Between the current GI symptoms and history of mysterious itchy rashes, I am really beginning to wonder if I indeed have Celiac disease. I have at least one cousin with Celiac's disease, so I think it is genetically possible. Is it likely to have such strong immune responses to just an ""intolerance""? Could I have made myself intolerant when I stopped eating gluten? Could these connections be in my head? I don't understand why I developed all these GI symptoms after starting a gluten-free diet—have any of you diagnosed with celiac had this issue?
 After getting so sick this time around, I am very scared of the idea of doing a gluten challenge to get an accurate test result. I am sure though that if I knew I had Celiac's Disease, I would probably be a lot better, not just at not cheating but at avoiding GF baked goods specialty products/grains/certain restaurant foods that I know are cross-contaminated. What to do!"
"I am now on the road to suicide.  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I am now on the road to suicide.  I am diagnosed with Bipolar Type 2 with symptoms of psychosis. I take Risperdal and Fluoxetine.
 I have ultimately decided to begin the process of ending my life. Tomorrow midday I plan to begin writing notes, well more so essays to my loved ones to apologize and explain my actions and begin to tie up loose ends. If things do not go well, I plan to kill myself in about a month. I am doing this to allow myself time to reconsider and think of other options.
 I am mentally unqualified to do anything I wish to do. My mood swings have only become worse and I have to distract myself to ignore the crippling emotional pain I have begun to feel. I quite simply want to die.
 I am making this post as a way of releasing this information into a safe environment, not as much of a cry for help. The reason I am being so stone cold and blatant with my words is because I find this to be a reasonable and sensible plan.
 I'm tired and am going to bed. Thank you."
"Career advice: Questions about family  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Career advice: Questions about family  Long story short, my relationship with my family was terrible growing up and I want to distant myself as much as possible from them. Right now I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and they can trigger my depressive episodes really easy.
 Since I have been on my own I have felt so much better, no new depressive episodes for a while or at least not anything I haven't been able to solve ""fast"".
 Yesterday I was in an interview and they asked me the basic questions: What does your parents do?, how is your relationship with them? and what good things will your parents say about you?.
 This kind of questions are questions that I can't easily answer, I don't want to lie, but I don't want to be discarded for not having good relationship with my parents, also I don't want to bring my bipolar disorder in an interview.
 Is there anyway to solve this situation? I started treatment for bipolar about two months now and things are looking great in the future, however I really need to get a job if I want things to continue being great in the near future."
Illinois. First DUI. Was extremely mistreated at the jail. I'm 5'7, 135 pound female. They strapped me to a plastic chair and held a tazer gun to my chest as I was trying to explain to them that I need my medication, which they responded to with "shut up".  Close  0  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Illinois. First DUI. Was extremely mistreated at the jail. I'm 5'7, 135 pound female. They strapped me to a plastic chair and held a tazer gun to my chest as I was trying to explain to them that I need my medication, which they responded to with "shut up".  So obviously I was intoxicated. But I remember what happened at the jail. I was very cooperative, I did the breathalyzer test at the jail. And then they started to say that I couldn't make a phone call and I would be staying in jail. I have never had any issues with the law. This is my first offense. The only thing that's ever happened to me was a speeding ticket. So I start to panic. I am diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder and anxiety disorder, so with no meds on hand I just lose it. Well, this officer reacts by shoving me against the wall and cuffing my wrists as tight as he could. I was in so much pain I thought my wrists were going to break. I was pleading with them to please just let me have my medication and they responded with brute force. I understand cops have a job to do and I guess me crying was a threat to them..? But the amount of force and pain they caused me.. they were handling me like I was a 300 pound linebacker.. and that is not an exaggeration, for truly no reason at all. They could've just got me my meds or just thrown me in a cell. I could go into more detail but I will spare you all.. I just need help because I don't know whether to try and pursue the mistreatment in jail (they gave me a resisting a peace officer because of my panic attack) or if I should just get a lawyer and be very apologetic and say that I am bipolar and I should've have been drinking and maybe I'll get off easy with probation and community service since this is my first offence.. what should I do?
"Mental illness and membership  Close  4  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  Mental illness and membership  I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder
 Will that block me from joining?"
"This is such a long shot, but does anyone wanna interview me for their podcast? I want to become a better public speaker. I’ve had my fair share of unique experiences and professional success.  Close  10  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  This is such a long shot, but does anyone wanna interview me for their podcast? I want to become a better public speaker. I’ve had my fair share of unique experiences and professional success.  I am speaking at a conference in a couple months, and I am fucking terrified. I get anxious when I order food over the phone. I’ve been deliberately throwing myself outside of my comfort zone to become more comfortable with public speaking.
 Here are a few experiences that people could be interested in hearing about:
   My family lost a young child in a school shooting. For years, we have done everything we can to promote reasonable and effective gun control legislation. This eventually turned into a nonprofit organization that operates in dozens of states. I’ve had the opportunity to eat and speak with prominent gun control advocates including Joe Biden, Chuck Schumer, and Gabby Giffords.
   My father is a twice-convicted bank robber. He was notorious for being “polite,” and he always said please, thank you, and sorry to the bank tellers. I grew up with sketchy vans outside my home and often stumbled upon wads of cash stashed in random places. We ate Thanksgiving dinners in prison and heard suspicious clicks on the landline telephone. It was like we were living in The Godfather or something. He is currently serving his  22nd year of his 23 year sentence.
   Like my father, I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I spent months in an inpatient psychiatric facility after I lost my shit. I experienced some fascinating delusions and hallucinations. Ex: I believed I was the subject of a science experiment, and my whole world was just a set inside of some research laboratory. Sometimes I experienced tactile hallucinations that felt like there were bugs crawling inside of my body. It was all pretty funky and weird. I am mostly better now. I have a very solid routine and plan that keeps my noggin in check. Medication, sleep hygiene, journal entries, etc. I am especially interested in sharing this story because I think it could be useful to people with mental health issues. I was suicidal and incapable of living on my own for a good chunk of my late teens, but I am healthy now. I’ve gotta lotta good tips and tricks under my belt for dealing with a fucked up brain.
   I had a short-lived but successful career as a webcam model. I was making ~$300/hour at eighteen years old and accumulated a following of 100k+ in just a few months. I’m not even that cute — I just had a hidden talent for marketing. I have a lot of weird, funny, shocking, and certainly NSFW stories from this stage of my life.
   I gave “sugar dating” a shot and fell in love with my “sugar daddy.” I’m now in an open relationship with a wildly successful man twice my age. It’s like living in a fantasy world with Lamborghinis, private jets, and strippers. Surprisingly, I would love to share this story and hopefully lighten up some stigma surrounding age gap relationships and sugar dating. He has been a tremendously positive influence on my life, and I owe a lot of personal and professional development to this lifestyle. And a lot of fun.
   I was raped by three of my male “friends.” I felt devastated and discouraged after filing a police report , so I took it upon myself to record a confession from one of my attackers. I was successful after weeks of researching recording consent laws, writing a script, rehearsing my lines, and finding a way to get in the same room as my attacker. This story is still unfolding, but I would be glad to share my story of healing knowing that I could  spark some hope in other sexual assault survivors.
   I don’t want it to seem like I think my life is exciting or inspirational and must be heard.  I just wanna get comfortable speaking into a microphone before I have to do it in front of a live audience. Thanks y’all!"
"Comfort in bad habits  Venting  Close  3  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Comfort in bad habits  Venting  Apologies in advance for spelling mistakes and format. I’m impulsively sharing via phone.
 I am having a hard time getting the courage to write out how much I find comfort in my bad coping mechanisms and impulsive habits.. I am diagnosed with bipolar, ptsd, and bpd. When things out of my control happen and change my life I take that as a “fuck it do what you want” card. I’m currently on week two of a mixed episode and I’ve successfully pushed all healthy people out of my life because it doesn’t feel right. I don’t deserve understanding or love. I don’t even know who I am and have to force my understanding caring personality for the people showing me love and care.. I just don’t have the energy for it.
 Since I’ve been free of trying to be a good person to a human who fell I love with me I’ve gladly been over spending on alcohol and having sex with men who I don’t have a connection with. It feels nice and comforting to be a sex object with someone I know won’t try to give a fuck about me..
 Also still recovering from an awful cover narcissist engagement so any sense of identity I had when I was with that demon is gone and I have to find myself again... Uhg
 My bank account and my impulsive sexual choices are obviously for the millionth time hurting my ability to grow. I don’t feel like growing. The FUCK IT personality I get when I’m like this is like a drug.
 Does anyone else do this? I use to have a blog for my mental health rambles I’m afraid of sharing due to judgment but I manically deleted it two years ago and haven’t had the fucking courage to share my bullshit with the internet since.. I’ve chosen to isolate for now since I don’t want to fuck uo or be the me family and friends want."
Do anti-psychotics damage your brain?  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   4 years ago  Archived  Do anti-psychotics damage your brain?  I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder. After trying many medications I am now following a stable treatment of 400mg Seroquel XR / day (one pill each evening). The problem is, I have a constant fear of damaging my brain through the long-term use of an anti-psychotic. The internet is full of articles in this regard. I would be greatly thankful for a professional opinion on this matter.
"ADHD/bipolar type 2 comorbidity  Questions/Advice/Support  Close  2  Posted by  1 day ago  ADHD/bipolar type 2 comorbidity  Questions/Advice/Support  Hi,
 I was diagnosed with adhd back in 2016. Recently, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 2. I am sure there are a lot of people like that around the world. I come from India where mental health awareness is.... disappointing. I am very confused about my conditions (this might be because I have been put on oxcarbazepine which, I have read here and some other places, causes confusion). If there are people here with adhd/bipolar disorder comorbidity, I would appreciate if they could share there experiences and how they handle both the conditions, as often the symptoms overlap as well as interfere with each other. Mostly I would like to know about individual experiences. This would help me gain some perspective about my own experiences."
"4 ACO-DMT Double Trip Report. Wildy Confused. Please Help.  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  4 ACO-DMT Double Trip Report. Wildy Confused. Please Help.  I know this is long but hear me out. I recently got a large supply of 4 ACO-DMT and have been experimenting with different doses and different environments to see how it affects me and what benefits it can bring me. The first time I tried it, I took a good starting dose of 15 mg and the trip was amazing. Incredible body high, great visuals, had some moments of introspection and even had a good cry with my roommate. I started increasing my dose and on one of my trips I even had the first stage of Ego Death but still never had a moment of ""I don't want to be doing this"". But last night.. last night was something special. Something else you should know is I am diagnosed with BiPolar Disorder 2. I've been trying to use psychedelics to manipulate my highs and lows (not smart I know) but to me it seems better than numbing it with alcohol or becoming dependent on prescription pills.
 I've recently been in a very low dark spot with increasing thoughts of suicide lingering but I would ignore them and try and tell myself I was fine and they were just thoughts. Thankfully 4 ACO-DMT showed me that these thoughts can manifest into actions if I keep them suppressed and act like they aren't there. When I started tripping I instantly felt a wave of uncomfort and assumed it was just a rough come up. I felt horribly cold and could think of nothing else except I wanted to get in the shower. I laid on my couch hoping it would go away but after about 15 minutes nothing changed. I started to see visuals in my ceiling and could feel an entity waiting to get into my apartment. This wasn’t my first experience with it and I was never intimidated it by it. It was more of a ""let me show you the way"" thing but it just took time until I started peaking for it to finally be able to interact with me.
 Fast forward another 15 minutes I find myself in the bathroom, the entity was telling me to get naked and get in the shower but I was being stubborn. Finally, I gave in and hopped in. I instantly started feeling nauseous and uncomfortable, I was hoping it would subsided. Out of nowhere I started coughing and then those coughs would turn into a gag reaction, which eventually manifested into me just dry heaving. But these were no regular dry heaves. Every muscle in my core would not up and clinch up as hard as it could. This happened what felt like for hour but was closer to 30 min. Finally one burp later and I instantly started tripping normal. Bright colors, amazing body high, feelings of euphoria. I instantly realized the drug was teaching me a tough love lesson and showing me how horrible of a mind state I was in, how I wasn’t taking care of myself and how I was on a path to destruction. I couldn’t stop thanking it enough and said I would never allow it to happen again. I thought it was over and now I could enjoy my trip.
 I got out of the shower, got dressed, and went and laid on the cough. Before long the good feelings subsided and I started to feel normal and I was really confused. Then I could feel the entity again telling me to get back in the shower. Sure enough I'm back in there dry heaving again what turned out to be about 2 hour (felt like an actual lifetime). Long story short lol this trip made my call my mother who lives states away and admit all my dark thoughts and that I wanted to seek help. This night very well could have saved my life.
 Fast forward 2 months. I am in a much better place, I have hope and goals and a reason to live. I started dating an amazing girl who has brought so many positive new perspectives into my life and I didn’t know the last time I was this happy. I tell her about this drug and she has been very interested in Psychedelics but just very unsure and lacked knowledge.
 I had some 4 ACO-DMT left and thought about how much of an honor it would be to show something so powerful and amazing to her. Once I realized she was very committed to it we set up a time and place. We did everything right, comfortable environment, no one could bug us, good music, candles. The works. I had some worries that what happened could potentially happen again but reassured myself how much better of a mind state I was in.
 We drop around 9 o'clock with a much smaller dose than last time (around 20 mg) and it takes so long to kick in (2 hours) at one point I thought we weren’t even going to trip. Sure enough we begin trip and it’s great. Long story short right at the peak I get a horrible wave of nausea. I calm myself down and convince myself it’s just a wave and everything will be okay. Suddenly I am tripping as hard as I was on a 40 mg dose and I am panicking. Asking why it’s doing this to me right now. I somehow manage to reel it in and the feeling completely subsides. Within 10 minutes it comes back and the coughing and dry heaving starts again. I just gave in, knew I had to do what I had to do, and became at peace with the next 2 hours of being tits deep in a trashcan thinking I am going to throw up a lung. It was also nice having my girlfriend right next to me giving me comfort.
 Eventually the cycles become less intense and I was able to come back to Earth. We ended up talking for the next 4 hours about shit we had never discussed with anyone and bonded in a way not possible without psychedelics. So I am still extremely grateful for the trip but absolutely so confused. I and she took the same dose and she has 0 nausea. I ended up throwing the rest of what I had away because I know psychologically I don’t think I will ever be able to take it without fear that can ruin the trip.
 I know this was long and no one might read all of it but I just want new perspectives and thoughts on what the drug could be doing to me. I have analyzed all I could and have no explanation for what happens. I wouldn’t eat 6 hours before, I had ginger tea, and they were different doses. Not to mention the 3-4 times I did it without any sense of nausea. Anyone who read through this I would love your analyzation of this. Psychedelics are still one of the most important things in this life in my opinion. Maybe one of your guy’s advice can get me back into a place of taking them comfortably.  As always, safe travels."
Coping ( ? )  Close  3  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Coping ( ? )  So, I'm 19. I am diagnosed with bipolar, anxiety, and depression. I struggle daily to get up and do stuff instead of locking myself away in my room Im tired of feeling this way, i often think to myself "Why do things always have to be so sad?" I try my best to do things around here and often times it just doesn't feel like enough. I have almost no friends, due to my actions.. its like fighting another version of myself And it is very difficult I'm not on medications I don't know if i should or shouldn't be at this point I just really don't know what to do.. This fight is exhausting and I'm trying to stay strong but i don't know how much longer i can handle it. So i suppose my question is.. What helps you cope?
"TL,DR: In love with another woman, still in ""on again, off again"" relationship.; cheating  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  TL,DR: In love with another woman, still in ""on again, off again"" relationship.; cheating  TL,DR: In love with another woman, still in ""on again, off again"" relationship.; cheating
 Bare with me - this is a long one. I am really looking for advice, not criticism.
 I have been with my current partner (Lee) going on 4 years. When we first met, I had been with someone else (Sara) and cheated on that person (Sara) with my current partner (Lee). I then cheated on my current partner (Lee) a few more times (with my previous ex - Sara). Somehow we made it through and continued to be together; there was a lot of paranoia, lack of trust, and other issues. But we kept going.
 Two years into the relationship Lee and I decided to move across country for a ""fresh start"". We planned to forgive and let go of the past and move forward completely fresh. Turns out, that plan failed and we still fought and experienced lack of trust (my issue) and transparency (me). We ended up breaking up for good in Jan 2018, but since she was not working and we owned a house together, we stayed in the same house but in different rooms.
 From Jan 2018 - Sept 2018, we tried to make things work. But still could not get into a rhythm. I decided to finally end things and after a few weeks I joined a dating site. (While on the dating site, the ex and I would be physical [hug, kiss on the cheek, sex a few times). However, I met a terrific girl (Maggie), we hit it off instantly and started to talk long distance. My ex (Lee), whom I'm still living with, was aware that my dating and really upset. I keep talking to Maggie and she ends up flying across country, just to take me out to dinner.  Maggie and I start dating, long distance, while I'm living with Lee (Maggie is aware of this). Meanwhile, I am diagnosed with bipolar 2 (hypo version) and Lee is blaming my lack of wanting a relationship with her and actions on having a hypo-manic episode.
 Anyways, I fly out to see Maggie a few times, meet her family, spend time with her, and completely fall in love. Meanwhile, Lee is still texting to ""check in"" on me, telling me how much she misses me and hopes I'm doing well. At this point, I'm staying with Maggie and doubting my decision to fly out and stay with her. Maybe I should go back with Lee and try to make things work. So, I leave Maggie and head back across country. While I'm still with Maggie, Lee and I are flirting more, being physical, etc. I don't tell the Maggie.
 One day, I had a freak out and decided to move across country to be with the Maggie. I packed up as much as I could and drove 32 hours. I was so happy, giddy, in love, had all the feels. Lee continued to contact me, which I responded, and continued to tell me how much she missed and loved me. I spent the holidays with Maggie and had a wonderful time. Everything felt perfect. But I stayed in contact with the Lee.
 Later that month, I had another break down and decided to leave Maggie's and drive back across country to my house. Once I made it back home, Lee and I fell back into things (but I was still in a relationship with Maggie).
 Fast forwarded a few weeks later, I decide once again I am going to move across country for good this time. Meanwhile, I am now in a relationship with Lee and Maggie. I am trying to keep everything separated but ended up slipping and they both found out about one another.
 The Maggie was willing to give me another chance and wanted me to move in with her (roughly 4 months of dating/going back and forth). I packed up and started to drive across country once again. Maggie asked that I stop talking to Lee; but Lee sweet talked me into texting and letting her know I was okay along the way. Which I did. Maggie found out that I was still in contact with Lee, called me names I deserved and told me to go home. So I turned around and went back home.
 Once I returned, Lee and I got back together and I was supposed to block Maggie (which is now the ex). Of course I didn't and continued to talk to Maggie (telling her how much I love her, I want to be with her, want a second chance). Lee found out and made me tell Maggie that I was having a manic moment and that I needed to stop speaking with her.
 During all of this, I am seeing doctors to get my medication correct; seeing a therapist, etc. Prior to Lee recently finding out that I was talking to Maggie, Maggie told me I had 30 days to get my act together and then we can talk again.
 Here's my struggle and hopefully you can provide some advice -- I know I am in love with Maggie, however, I royally screwed things up. I want to email her and ask if I still have my 30 days to get my act together or if she's completely done. What would you do?
 Meanwhile, I feel no spark for Lee. You would never know it by my behavior and what I say; everything seems perfect, but inside, there's nothing. On the other hand, Lee is head over heels in love with me. Telling me that I'm her person, we're going to get married, etc.
 For whatever reason, I cannot bring myself to be honest with Lee and tell her my true feelings. I feel like I'm just kinda going with it...and not living my authentic self.
 So, fellow friends, what should I do? Should I take the chance and ask Maggie if there is still a possibility to mend that relationship (even with the cheating, lying, etc.) or should I let Maggie go? Would you tell Lee you're not into it anymore? Even though her love is unconditional but there's no spark on your side?
 (By the way, I know I am a piece of crap for acting the way I have.)
 Thanks for reading, any advice is appreciated."
"On the run right now - help  Close  3  Posted by    1 year ago  Archived  On the run right now - help  I was seconds away from killing myself via jumping in front of a tractor trailer tonight. I just got out of a 28-day program for DBT, and am diagnosed with Bipolar 2 and BPD. My wife left me earlier this year, and the subsequent relationship I entered afterwards ended two weeks ago, terribly. I’m in love with my wife, and asked her to take me back. Her response, tonight, was no, not even if the alternative was killing myself.
 I was out of my car, on the side of the interstate, and I began taking a step towards a semi. I immediately got afraid and stepped back. Then I just started letting them go by. Then they stopped coming.
 I’m currently driving around, and parking in random office parks; out of the paranoid fear that the cops are after me.  I am SO CONFUSED. I can’t live, but I just can’t take that step either. I was also planning to look into gasses that would let me do this painlessly at home.
 Carrying on just means more suicidal ideation in a couple of weeks. I’m tired. Therapy and meds only take me so far. I am so tired, yet I can’t take the step.
 Help."
"Comorbidity: those of you who have a 2nd+ diagnosis, how do you deal with it?  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Comorbidity: those of you who have a 2nd+ diagnosis, how do you deal with it?  Personally, I am diagnosed with bipolar I and ADHD, as well as an unspecified sleep disorder. I kind of wonder how my doctors can separate the symptoms from each other, since the spazziness and restlessness of ADHD looks kinda like hypomania. I mean it was obvious that my issues went beyond ADHD when I started hearing music in the noise. I was diagnosed with bipolar first (which must have been obvious--three psychiatrists/psychologists talked to me for about 15 minutes each and without talking to each other all agreed on bipolar I), but once those symptoms were sorta managed with meds, I still couldn't focus very long, had terrible memory, fidgeted constantly, etc etc. so my pdoc decided I also have ADHD and I got on meds for that. The meds seem to be working alright (not as well as they did at first, but still better than no meds), so that's obviously part of ""dealing with it.""
 But I personally struggle with day to day habits that might make managing the overlap of my disorders easier. Hypo/manic me is a distraction machine, unable to complete anything before starting something else. In general, everything anyone says to me goes in one ear and right out the other, no matter how important, unless I write it down. I forget appointments even when they are in my phone, wall calendar AND day planner. I take out my anger at myself for these things on other people without meaning to.
 I can't tell where one disorder ends and the other starts, or where in between lies my actual personality. How do the rest of you double-whammy folks deal with it?"
I have tried to ask for help on multiple forums and I have had crappy replies by one person on each of them... someone please help me  Close  1  Posted by    1 year ago  Archived  I have tried to ask for help on multiple forums and I have had crappy replies by one person on each of them... someone please help me  I am diagnosed with Bipolar (along with other mental health issues) I currently think that I have been in a bad depressive episode that may or may not be mixed. I can’t sleep but I am exhausted everyday and feel like a noodle that can’t move most of the day. I’ve been panicking a lot and had a panic attack in public. I’ve been feeling physically ill except I am not sick. I keep wanting to kill myself I don’t want to die. And I keep going from 0 to 100 (anger) very quickly and it takes nothing to do so or the tiniest thing. I tried jumping out of my car a week ago while in the passenger seat. Tonight I just wanted to have someone help me figure out why I get so obsessive and repetitive thinking I was truly concerned that I may have OCD or that the obsessive stuff maybe apart of my Bipolar and I’ve gotten really crappy unhelpful responses. I really need help. My family can see that I’m exhausted and tired but they cannot see how much I am suffering only my partner can see it. I can barely if at all take care of my son right now. And I am holding on for dear life. I am trying to push myself through because I really don’t want to die I just don’t want to be anywhere. I am in agony right now and just want help but everywhere I look to get it I can’t and its putting me down even more. I just want to get dressed up with my one year old son for Halloween because it’s my favorite holiday and then I think I will commit myself to a hospital because I honestly should’ve been committed weeks ago and I’ve been hanging on by a thread barely being able to breathe.
Can bipolar be buddies?  Close  10  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Can bipolar be buddies?  I am diagnosed with bipolar one but I still get 2 visual and 1 prominent audio hallucinations do y’all mind if I hang out here?
"Asking for Advice  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Asking for Advice  I am looking for any advice that you all might have when it comes to living, caring about, and being in a relationship with someone with BPD. We have been dating for about 4 years, and recently her BPD has become worse. A few weeks ago she self harmed, and then a few days later I had to bring her to the hospital for in-patient.
 Now, I am diagnosed with Bipolar type 2, OCD, and ADD, so I am very familiar with the basic advice for dating someone with a mental illness. But I was wondering if anybody had some extra advice for specifically BPD. Any help is appreciated.
 Thank you!"
Do any other mental illnesses cause you to have a favorite person(FP)?  Person w/o BPD  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  Do any other mental illnesses cause you to have a favorite person(FP)?  Person w/o BPD  not sure if this is the right place to ask, but can you have a FP with other mental illness other than BDP? I am diagnosed with bipolar 2
"I think I might have tried to kill myself?  Close  4  Posted by  2 months ago  I think I might have tried to kill myself?  I am diagnosed with bipolar, currently treating my depression. At first I was prescribed antidepressants + little of Xanax-like drug for two weeks (I am in Russia, here it is called Alprasolam). I didn’t do the Xanax part because I got too scared of it, but I bought it nevertheless and the pack was pretty huge. So I guess on Saturday I ate half the pack (25 pills, but I think they are much smaller than the X-bars). I also found out later that some other drugs are missing (sleeping pills).
 I do not remember Sunday, I remember waking up on Monday and always feeling sleepy, I stayed awake for two hours and then dozed off again till Tuesday. On Tuesday started diarrhea (sorry) and puking, I could not concentrate, barely walked and usually into walls, I saw double unless I looked only with one eye. This lasted until today, today I only puked twice and am like “light-headed” but that’s it.
 At first I thought about some viruses, then about plain food poisoning, then I found that lots of my drugs are gone.
 Conspiracy theories aside, no one but me could eat the pills, and I wasn’t force-fed. I have a kinda similar story that happened 5 years ago. I will definitely tell my therapist, guess I just really need support now because I am super scared."
"Just Stuff I've been thinking recently  Close  1  Posted by  14 hours ago  Just Stuff I've been thinking recently  WARNING: This post has a few cuss words. If you are adamantly against cussing or just can't stand cuss words at all, don't read this.
 I don't really know how to start this other than just saying I've started posting more often and putting myself out here for a change, which for me is honestly a bog improvement. I'm usually that quiet kid who never really talks, but laughs at jokes and participates when talked to. For once in my life, I've actually started reaching out to people. Ever since I posted a huge rant on  r/SuicideWatch  this morning, I sort of half assedly decided to start putting myself actually out there. Just maybe trying to find friends. Actually experience social interaction for once and find other people with similar interests and just people to maybe get a little ""closer"" to (my definition of closer is more so just me actually talking for once and not just being the quiet girl who doesn't talk unless really addressed.)
 However, that isn't all I wanted to get off my chest in this post. So to put it shortly, my grandmother's 2 year old shih tzu got attacked by the neighbor's chocolate lab last night. I helped to calm her down and every one who was there (except the neighbor because they are a prick imo who we suspect potentially did this on purpose based on the way she's acting) decided it was best to take her to an emergency vet, so we did. Turns out the dog is ok, she just has a very tender backside because that's the part of her that the chocolate lab picked her up by and a broken rib. That aside, now into what's actually bothering me here.
 My emotional response felt odd to me. Like, at first I was obviously upset but trying to hold it together for my hysterical grandma who just saw her little baby get thrown around like a damn chew toy/rag-doll for a good 30ish feet from the front steps of my grandmother's porch, to the neighbor's garage. Of course during all of this, my friend texts me about how her mother just made her want to kill herself again and after I don't respond to her for a while, she starts to dissociate and end up hurting more and more. So to put it short, I'm really freaked out by all of this. None of what I described is the weird part. I mean, if you had to comfort your hysterical grandma and your best friend (former lover too. We still love each other, but we aren't together right now. It's a long story, but let's just say, homophobic parents are the damn worst.) wouldn't you feel the same?
 The weird part of the whole ordeal was how after some time, I started to feel a combination of nothingness and cheeriness all at once. We were already at the emergency vet by that time, and while everyone else in the car was stressed and tense, I'm just sitting in the back completely distracted and almost a little dissociated. It's like I couldn't feel what they were feeling at all. I felt a weird hollow type of cheerful while my dad and grandmother are in the front of the car stressed out. It was like I felt nothing, and I've felt this feeling before in similar situations. Someone else will be stressed and hurting or tense, while I can't feel/empathize. I want to. Badly, but it's like I'm not me in that moment. I don't have contact with a therapist right now and while I don't expect Reddit to be my therapist for me, I do wonder if anyone has felt this before or knows what the hell's going on with me. Is there something wrong with me? Is this abnormal or weird? I've tried looking on google but I can't find a clear answer, so I've turned to the people.
 If it helps, I have been diagnosed with Bipolar I with psychosis and mild DID (dissociative identity disorder.)  I don't know if that has anything to do with it or not. I honestly chalked it up to my mania, but I feel like that's not quite it. If it doesn't go against guidelines to ask, do any of you experience this too and do you know what it could be or if it's even strange to react the way I did at all?"
"I (40m) have flakey daily ear wax. Visible and flakes off throughout the day  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   2 months ago  I (40m) have flakey daily ear wax. Visible and flakes off throughout the day  I am a  40 y/o male.  212 lbs.  5'9"".  I am diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder and I take several medications to help.  Effexor 75mg, Lamictal 300mg, and Neurontin 400mg for the restless leg that the Lamictal gives me.
 I hope that is enough information.
 I have severe flakey ear wax.  I have to try and combat it every day.  I use a washcloth on the exterior around my earlobe, because if I don't it crusts up and flakes off.  Inside my ears I have to use qtips twice a day if I don't want the flakes to be visible.  It is incredibly frustrating and embarrasiing. Everything I've looked at isn't a daily option.  If used daily it says it will damage my ear drum.  I am out of options and qtips are apparently not healthy to use, so any help would be welcome."
"Does anyone have this weird rare condition from Anxiety?  DAE Questions  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  Does anyone have this weird rare condition from Anxiety?  DAE Questions  I'm not asking for a diagnosis, I'm asking for anyone who can relate something similar, and how they over came it?
 I've been to doctors and the emergency room but they say it's anxiety.
 So anyways earlier this year like March or so, I suddenly lost control over my body. I was dizzy, my body felt like it was buzzing, and I felt like I was going to lose consciousness. I went to the emergency room I did blood tests heart tests brain scans the whole shebang and they said I came up negative on everything.
 Other effects were I couldn't focus my vision forward, my eyes would just gravitate upwards, and I couldn't face forward. I was basically not in control over my body.  I took a nap and I was okay.
 I got anxiety medicine for this from my doctor, but I didn't end up needing to use it for a while. Fast forward 6 months and I haven't had an episode since but I was also unemployed.
 Every now and again I feel 'wiggy' where my senses go into over drive, but other times I just feel dizzy/vertigo and the not being able to focus on anything but stuff that is upward.
 Other times I touch my face and suddenly I can feel the pores on my skin, and the fingerprints on my hand. Other times I can hear conversations around me all at a very loud volume no matter how far they are.
 The good thing is I can take medicine for it, and I'm prescribed medicine for it and it's the only thing that kicks me back onto earth where I can see straight and not have a loud head.
 Does this happen to anyone else? What is this called? Did you over come it?
 All I know is one of my friends with depression says that depression can affect you physically
 I also am diagnosed with bipolar disorder if this helps"
"I really should not ever have kids because...  RANT  Close  98  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I really should not ever have kids because...  RANT  I know a lot of people cite their mental illness and not wanting to pass it on as a reason for not wanting to have kids, but my issues go beyond mental illness: I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, PTSD, EDNOS, ADHD, and... Borderline Personality Disorder. That's right, I have a personality disorder.
 How is this different from other mental illnesses? It can't be cured or treated with medication -- you can treat the symptoms or other diagnoses for example, but there's no like pill you can take to actually treat the cause of a personality disorder. I take medication for my other diagnoses that affect my brain chemistry, but all you can do for a personality disorder is cross your fingers and hope the therapy helps.
 Since I was 12/13 my life has been an unending loop of crippling anxiety, dysfunctional relationships, self-loathing, dropping in and out of school, eating disordered behavior, self-injury, suicide attempts, hospital stays, drugs, drinking, the whole works. And you think I should have a fucking kid? You think I can take care of a BABY? I have severe panic attacks (hyperventilating, sobbing, self-injury,) whenever my boyfriend takes a bit too long to text back, but no you're right Debbie having a kid will not only fix all my problems but I would be really great at raising it and totally not neglect the shit out of it.
 On top of that I probably can't have kids because I have other health and reproductive issues but the main focus of this rant is to focus on the fact that I AM LITERALLY UNABLE TO TAKE CARE OF MYSELF, but somehow everyone thinks if I have a baby everything would magically change and I'd be a wonderful nurturing person."
I have been diagnosed with bipolar, after receiving a small time in jail for commiting 4 charges and i am currently on bail cant go to my own home as i am not only disowned but will be immediately incarcerated if i do so. Due to this the mother of my child has denied access to my son forever AMA  Close  6  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I have been diagnosed with bipolar, after receiving a small time in jail for commiting 4 charges and i am currently on bail cant go to my own home as i am not only disowned but will be immediately incarcerated if i do so. Due to this the mother of my child has denied access to my son forever AMA  8 comments  share  save  hide  report  88% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1    6 months ago  Have you talked to your lawyer about fighting for access? In most places she can't just "deny you access" without a court order
"My school's program requests your health records. What are they looking for by doing this?  Discussion  Close  3  Posted by  21 hours ago  My school's program requests your health records. What are they looking for by doing this?  Discussion  Hi, so I've been researching a lot about becoming an x-ray tech and it seems like everything I've been looking for in a job. But I see on my school's website that they request to see your health records?? Why is that needed? When I was younger I had some substance abuse problems. Since then, I've gone to rehab, gotten clean, and could pass a drug test, but I don't want that to impact my chances of getting in. I also have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, which is managed with medication. I haven't had an episode in years.
 Other than that, my health is fine. I'm just really scared that they won't accept me once I share my records with them. Has anyone else had experience with this? Should I just not even waste my time on the prerequisite courses now? Any input would be appreciated."
"(SERIOUS DISCUSSION) Why do people lack the ability to empathize with eating disorder sufferers? Please give me your theories. Out of all the mental illnesses I have, anorexia is the ONLY one that people literally do not even TRY to understand at all  Discussion  Close  558  Posted by   [5'3"" | 21F | AN | N]   4 months ago  (SERIOUS DISCUSSION) Why do people lack the ability to empathize with eating disorder sufferers? Please give me your theories. Out of all the mental illnesses I have, anorexia is the ONLY one that people literally do not even TRY to understand at all  Discussion  I just don't get it. In addition to my eating disorder, I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Type 1, PTSD, anxiety, and struggle with addiction/alcoholism. Out of all those diagnoses, the only one that people literally don't even bother to try to understand is the anorexia. Most people are extremely empathetic about the PTSD and anxiety, and while bipolar is misunderstood sometimes, people don't make as many ignorant comments about it as they do my ED. And when I explain the brain chemistry behind the mental illness, they get it.
 But I've got good friends of mine who I have told time after time about my struggles with ED over this relapse the last 4 months and they continually just don't get it. At all. Why is that? Why is it so difficult for people to empathize with EDs? My friends who don't have alcoholism somehow still manage not to say triggering stuff about that and can respect my boundaries, and they get that being an addict isn't a choice, but something I have to manage regardless. My friends who don't have anxiety are still capable of comforting me during a panic attack. My friends who don't have PTSD understand why seeing a man who assaulted me in public can cause me to spiral. My friends without bipolar may have never experienced mania or suicidal depression, but they believe me when I say I am miserable and in pain. Yet, when I confide in people about my ED, it's always the same sorts of things, over and over.
 ""Well you don't look bad, you still look healthy""
 ""I mean, 800 calories a day isn't that little, just try eating a bit more between meals""
 ""Purging is nasty""
 ""oh yeah, I didn't eat like anything today either, I just wasn't hungry""
 RANT INCOMING
   People do not understand the serious medical implications of struggling with an eating disorder, particularly when it comes to long term restriction and purging. You do not have to be 70 lbs to die of an eating disorder.
   Why do people need physical ""evidence"" of an eating disorder being bad before they give a shit? No one needed evidence when I relapsed into drinking, My grades were still perfect and I drank alone so people didn't see, but when I told people I was miserably drinking myself into a hole every night, they believed me. No one said some ignorant shit like ""well you're not drunk right now so clearly there's no problem."" Or when I say I'm depressed and considering suicide, no one says ""well you don't cry 24/7 so you're fine."" Why are the physical indicators so necessary for eating disorders to matter?
   Guys, I'm honestly so upset. Every person I tell about my eating disorder either gives the stupidest advice (try a protein shake, etc) or tries to force feed me or  compares their experience to that time they lost their appetite due to the flu or says I'm being stupid by starving myself. These are good friends of mine who are super understanding and kind and empathetic when it comes to my other mental illnesses.
 What is it about eating disorders that make them so much harder to understand or empathize? It upsets me because I feel like my friends aren't even trying. And if they are, I don't feel like eating disorders are so complex that you can't see that continuously making body comments (either positive or negative) or other rude/offensive reactions might be detrimental to me. It makes me want to isolate and never talk about it again and just starve myself to death alone in my house."
"Coworkers & Anxiety  Close  1  Posted by  4 days ago  Coworkers & Anxiety  I've just been having some general annoyances and I want to air some of them out. For the record I have been diagnosed with bipolar I gdisorder, PTSD, general and social anxiety disorders.
 I work a job at a grocery store that's about half office work and half work on the floor. There's one coworker who I consistently have issues with, but there's another who I only have issues with from time to time. This week's been a time, so this is going to be mainly focused on interactions with Cash Lady, (CL) who works in our cash office.
 Earlier this week, my boss passed out a notice about how we're supposed to be taking everyone's temperature every day as they come in. CL makes a big deal about how ""no one's here early enough to check mine when I get here."" Our boss let me know that she and I can take each other's temperature, since I've been coming in an hour early to reduce my exposure to the public by that small amount.
 Day 1: I make myself available to take her temperature/have mine taken. It doesn't happen. FOUR HOURS LATER her and a couple of other coworkers are playing with the thermometer and I get told, ""Treasures_Wonderland, you need to come have your temperature taken."" as I'm having it taken, I say, ""It should have been done between 5 and 6 like our boss said, but I guess now that everyone's playing with the thermometer it's a thing.""
 Day 2: Attempting to avoid what happened the day before, I mentioned taking each other's temperature first thing upon arrival. She dismisses me, telling me that she already took hers. I told my boss about this when he arrived, and he let her know (again) that we are supposed to be taking each other's temperature before we start working. So now she's upset with me and snubbing me and hanging out with the aforementioned coworker that I consistently have problems with. (I also found out that she had tried and failed to reach her cover-person before going to work.)
 Neither of those employees matter to my job, the job I do is a team of one and only reports to the store manager, and has nothing to do with money or stocking. This is very frustrating for me as CL was the one making the big deal about, ""Who's going to take my temperature?"" which seems now to have only been an attempt at gaining attention, and perhaps even a bit of a power play.
 They're also not taking mask etiquette seriously.
 I ended up leaving work early today, I was in a mood. There's so much going on in my mind, even this article is lacking on all of the emotions, but I wanted it to be readable. This time is rough with us with mental illnesses! Even those of us who have had lots of practice at it!"
"Coworkers & Anxiety  Venting  Close  1  Posted by  4 days ago  Coworkers & Anxiety  Venting  I've just been having some general annoyances and I want to air some of them out. For the record I have been diagnosed with bipolar I gdisorder, PTSD, general and social anxiety disorders.
 I work a job at a grocery store that's about half office work and half work on the floor. There's one coworker who I consistently have issues with, but there's another who I only have issues with from time to time. This week's been a time, so this is going to be mainly focused on interactions with Cash Lady, (CL) who works in our cash office.
 Earlier this week, my boss passed out a notice about how we're supposed to be taking everyone's temperature every day as they come in. CL makes a big deal about how ""no one's here early enough to check mine when I get here."" Our boss let me know that she and I can take each other's temperature, since I've been coming in an hour early to reduce my exposure to the public by that small amount.
 Day 1: I make myself available to take her temperature/have mine taken. It doesn't happen. FOUR HOURS LATER her and a couple of other coworkers are playing with the thermometer and I get told, ""Treasures_Wonderland, you need to come have your temperature taken."" as I'm having it taken, I say, ""It should have been done between 5 and 6 like our boss said, but I guess now that everyone's playing with the thermometer it's a thing.""
 Day 2: Attempting to avoid what happened the day before, I mentioned taking each other's temperature first thing upon arrival. She dismisses me, telling me that she already took hers. I told my boss about this when he arrived, and he let her know (again) that we are supposed to be taking each other's temperature before we start working. So now she's upset with me and snubbing me and hanging out with the aforementioned coworker that I consistently have problems with. (I also found out that she had tried and failed to reach her cover-person before going to work.)
 Neither of those employees matter to my job, the job I do is a team of one and only reports to the store manager, and has nothing to do with money or stocking. This is very frustrating for me as CL was the one making the big deal about, ""Who's going to take my temperature?"" which seems now to have only been an attempt at gaining attention, and perhaps even a bit of a power play.
 They're also not taking mask etiquette seriously.
 I ended up leaving work early today, I was in a mood. There's so much going on in my mind, even this article is lacking on all of the emotions, but I wanted it to be readable. This time is rough with us with mental illnesses! Even those of us who have had lots of practice at it!"
"Off my medication, what should I tell my psychiatrist?  Close  0  Posted by  7 days ago  Off my medication, what should I tell my psychiatrist?  Hey guys, I need some advice, I'd love to hear your thoughts.
 For context, I am pretty young, will be turning 22 soon. So I've been on a lot of different medications in the past three years. Three different antidepressants, all of which triggered my hypomania and lead to my diagnosis of bipolar 2, and post diagnosis, Abilify and Wellbutrin XL.  The most recent drugs gave me brain fog, made me sleep 10-12 hours a day, and made it hard for me to function. I was on them for about 8 months. I have been med free for 2-3 months now.
 Off of medication (both before and now) I suffer from anxiety, insomnia, fits of crying, irritability, lack of focus, hyperfocus and obsessive thoughts. But I don't live in a fog when I'm unmedicated. It's a hard trade off; emotional instability for some mental clarity. When I'm not caught in a mood, I feel fine, but when I get caught in a mood, it sucks. Sometimes I work myself up so badly that I'll cry for an hour and then end up with a headache all day.
 I'm not sure I would have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 had it not been for my reaction to antidepressants. It is for this reason I think I have been misdiagnosed.  But then I really don't know what my problem is. Before this I thought these symptoms were just a part of being a teenager, but at around 18 I realized that the degree to which all of this is happening is not normal. I'm just very unsure.
 I don't know. Everything is closed right now and my psychiatrist moved, so I can't see anyone right now anyways. But what should I do when I can see someone? Should I push for therapy without medication? Should I push for a new diagnosis? Should I let them medicate me again? What helped you all work towards recovery?"
"Mostly vent; experiencing sudden and relentless paranoia as an adult  Close  2  Posted by  7 days ago  Mostly vent; experiencing sudden and relentless paranoia as an adult  Last night, I couldn’t fall asleep until like 5 AM (usually go to be at 12). I’m an adult (20s) and live in a tiny apartment with my partner far away from where my parents live but last night, it felt like they were right here. The walls are paper thin and something about how loudly my neighbor was talking on the phone or to his girlfriend or something reminded me so much of being a kid, curled up in my bed with the pillow over my head and trying not to hear the things being screamed from across the house as my parents argued. I should’ve tried to shake those ugly memories but they sunk their teeth in and my brain spiraled into a loop. I was repeatedly reliving the time I discovered my NDad had bugged my mom’s car and was listening to our private conversations; I was elementary-school aged.
 I started thinking - what if my partner did/does that to me? Could he be listening to me when I think I’m alone? Is he capable of doing something like that?  He has a history of infidelity and though that is years in the past and we are strong in reconciliation, this aggressive paranoia awakens all of the darkest feelings and they won’t leave me alone.
 I’m ashamed to have these feelings about my partner (despite his personal shortcomings in the past, he has put in the work to become someone I genuinely respect and deeply care for), friends, and even strangers. I’m scared of myself for being able to believe such ridiculous scenarios during the height of a paranoid episode like I experienced last night.
 I’ve never been diagnosed by a doctor or a counselor but I suspect I’ve been dealing with a depressive disorder since childhood. Both parents have a history of mental illness as well; not sure if they are diagnosed or not. Based on piecing together memories and things I’ve heard over the years during arguments between my parents, my mom may have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder but was in denial so she never sought treatment.
 Does anyone have any experience or advice on how to navigate issues relating to an abusive childhood emerging in adulthood?"
"No urge to buy since upping my meds  INSPIRE  Close  54  Posted by  2 months ago  No urge to buy since upping my meds  INSPIRE  So I slumped a little in January, got on a holy Grail search (dark lippie), but pushed it into planner supplies hard. Stickers and markers are even dumber IMHO. I had cut back my bipolar meds because something is making me sleepy, but the doc says that's not it, so I re-upped them and I have seriously had no urge to buy! Still scrolling but it's getting easier.
 I have been diagnosed with bipolar for about 3 years now and I'm a therapist, still coming to terms with that. I know how the bipolar mind works, once I feel good I'm like these can go! Nope. I need my meds. Hope this helps someone. I would rather take Lamictal 250 than ruin my finances over lipstick and washi tape"
The thing about my family..  Close  48  Posted by  2 months ago  The thing about my family..  I come from a large family filled with dysfunctional interactions.. my father molested me growing up, leading to my brother molesting me in my teens. My mom supposedly never knew my dad was raping my sister as we were growing up either. although he openly displayed his “affection” for us in front of the whole family. He was not an alcoholic nor did he do drugs, he was just aggressive and manipulative by nature. One of my brothers went to prison when he was young for selling drugs and the youngest turned into the most introverted person I’ve ever met. My sister now has like 10 kids and doesn’t talk to my mom but does talk to my father for some strange reason. I’m the only one in my family that sought therapy and have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder as well as others. As much as I wish I could distance myself from them, fate keeps throwing them into my line of fire. I’m now a dysfunctional adult with no motivation. I’m not sure what karma keeps trying to tell me. Honestly? I wonder if I’m cursed, or if there’s a way to break away from this whirlpool of dysfunction I’m drowning in.
My meds worked but I don't like it.  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  My meds worked but I don't like it.  I recently started taking meds for my bipolar. Note that I have been diagnosed with bipolar, depression, anxiety, and potentially schizophrenia and bpd. I was told that the meds I'm on should start working withing 2-3 days. Well I'm on day 3 and I don't know how I feel about this. I'm not anymore depressed or anxious, my mood swings aren't as hard hitting. But without the manic and depressive episodes everything is boring. I'm almost tempted to stop taking them just to get that manic high back. Cause now I'm just steadily depressed and it isn't working how I thought it would. I never realized not having mood swings would be like this. I may feel more clear minded but I kinda don't care.
"Is this a diagnosis?  Close  1  Posted by  25 days ago  Is this a diagnosis?  I think I might have been diagnosed with Bipolar 2 but i'm not sure and could use a little help.
 I started antidepressants and after a couple of days they triggered a hypomanic episode that lasted just over a week. We stopped the antidepressant immediately and started seroquel. When I next saw my psychiatrist they kind of told me all about bipolar and said that I might be bipolar 2 and that we are going to continue the seroquel as if I had BP2 and not go back on the antidepressants.
 Could this be a diagnosis? I don't really know, and I kind of feel like I have a bit of imposter syndrome because I am only ""maybe bipolar"" despite being treated for it."
"Dissociation non stop  Close  3  Posted by  1 month ago  Dissociation non stop  so i have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, psychosis, anxiety & ptsd for a while.
 I live life, i don't do much crazy things and i'm medicated. But i find myself noticing that i'm literally floating through life. My dissociation is on high drive, like i feel i'm not there, not real, and not actually living. I'm confused all the time, I basically don't connect with anything and its hard to hang on to anything. The way i can connect is through taking lots of photos of what makes me happy, because i'm scared ill forget everything, as i i already do forget a-lot of things and most of my life.  I've been dealing with this for a very long time, but its starting to wear down..like really bad. Its developed into like a bug biting me and i cant reach it. Its hurting. I don't have access to a therapist atm as i'm moving, and this whole pandemic is putting everything on hold. Does anyone have any coping ideas? Like something to help them feel as if they are alive and actually present? Thanks x"
"Summary: I know my mind will get to that point again of feeling helpless. Any recommendations on sites to make friends or any coping mechanisms for when I get to that point? ( The rest is me venting)  Close  1  Posted by  16 days ago  Summary: I know my mind will get to that point again of feeling helpless. Any recommendations on sites to make friends or any coping mechanisms for when I get to that point? ( The rest is me venting)  My depression has gotten worse since coming back home from college due to corona virus. I have always kept to my self about my problems and handled them on my own. Back at living in a college dorm i had my own room in which i was able to cry and keep to myself when i needed to. Now, i'm back home and don't have a place I can go to retreat. My mom only has a 2 bedroom house in which her and my brother live in. I am camped out in the dining room with a mattress on the floor and only a curtain for privacy. It's fine and all, the only thing is my mother doesn't like it when i cry and she can hear me. I also don't have my own car so, i been borrowing hers saying i'm running errands when really i'm going somewhere to cry.
 I have struggled with sever depression since high school. I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 last year. I used to be so bad that I would cry every night fearing to sleep and fearing being alone with my thoughts. That stress took a toll on my mother who now gets upset with me every time i try to express my emotions. She either tells me people have it worse, i'm looking for attention, or that i'm off my medication. She asks me if i'm okay here and there but I lie to avoid the backlash of her comments. I love my mother. She has helped me though a lot. But its now to the point where if i get sad she doesn't want to deal with it and she retreats as well. That is why i take the truck out to cry.
 I have friends but, not the kind i talk to everyday or every week. Also, I have a boyfriend of about 2 months. I don't talk about these things to them fearing i'm going to be looked on as an attention seeker. I told them about my depression but not the dark side of it. My depression isn't a one time thing. Its on going. Coming at times I least expect it. One minute i'm fine then the next i'm not. I just want someone to talk to. Someone who wont judge me or look at me differently. I feel worthless. Like nobody understands and no one wants to listen. I cant keep up with school. Everything shifted online so it now all writing assignment and research papers. Making art used to be my outlet for handling my emotions but, now its a chore. I cant get out of bed. I either sleep all day or cant sleep at all.
 I do self harm. I haven't told anyone about that. I only started that about 4 months ago. I haven't staved myself in over 2 years and now my meds have been helping me get some sleep. I just feel like i don't deserve to be fully happy and that I need to be hurting in some way. They are not deep cuts. only scratches. It only happens when I start to feel okay about about myself. Its almost like my emotional trauma needs physical pain to validate it.
 Tonight was a bad episode. After writing up to this point I think i have calmed myself down enough. I longed for to talk to somebody tonight. anybody. I tried looking up depression chats online. I was so emotional distraught I ended up talking to a Canadian person on one of the depression sites. It was nice at first. We exchanged snap chat to continue chatting and then he stared to call me cute and wanted pictures so i blocked his ass. I felt naive thinking people online just want to talk. I lost faith in talking to actually regular people who where struggling as they could end up being like that Canadian guy. Next, I ended up going to a site that had volunteers you could vent to. It was busy and I waited for a while for the chat to be open but it was still full. The next option was to talk to an online therapist but I didn't know you have to pay for those talks and they are expensive. I thought about the suicide hotline but ,I don't want to waste that one spot in which could be life saving to someone else. Honestly, they have a more will to live than I do. I needed something now. Somebody to listen to me and tell me i'm not crazy. So, I ended up writing how I feel on Reddit. Hoping that someone longs for a friend as well.
 I know my mind will get to that point again of feeling helpless. Any recommendations on sites to make friends or any coping mechanisms for when I get to that point?
 Thank you for reading. Keep healthy and be safe!"
"Just started my journey  Close  4  Posted by  1 month ago  Just started my journey  (I’m brand new to this sub, so please let me know if there’s something I should be tagging that I am not!!)
 Hi all - I have been diagnosed with bipolar, generalized anxiety, etc. and for the most part have been really good. Taking my medication, working on myself, creating toolkits for when I need them. I’m patient and have done a ton of work to help love myself when I hadn’t for so long.
 A few weeks ago, I was taking with my friend about a traumatic experience that I had around the time of diagnosis. I won’t go into details but it was prolonged and sex/relationship based. During and after the relationship I tried to get help from a few people who I thought were close to me because he was a mutual friend, but they chose him and cut me off. I got so fed up with not being believed that it was easier to not tell anyone.
 Recently some of my symptoms had been getting worse for my bipolar and anxiety, and it was really confusing as to why since I am on medication. That’s why I started telling my friend in more detail what happened and she validated me, made me feel safe, and shared that she had a similar experience and thinks my episodes could be ptsd.
 What used to be invasive thoughts has turned into straight up trauma flashbacks since we talked. You all probably know this......but it’s like I’m there, in the worst spot of my life, three years later. I had to call a hotline this week because I don’t know how to cope with it and just needed someone to help me calm down.
 I know it’s gonna be hard but the work will be worth it. There’s really no ask or question in this post, I just need to know some other people are out there that are dealing with the same thing. I’m sure that someone out there is thinking the same thing I’m thinking too. It’s gonna be okay.
 I’m sure this was all over the place, but thank you for reading kind strangers!"
"Is this a diagnosis?  Close  2  Posted by  25 days ago  Is this a diagnosis?  I think I might have been diagnosed with Bipolar 2 but i'm not sure and could use a little help.
 I started antidepressants and after a couple of days they triggered a hypomanic episode that lasted just over a week. We stopped the antidepressant immediately and started seroquel. When I next saw my psychiatrist they kind of told me all about bipolar and said that I might be bipolar 2 and that we are going to continue the seroquel as if I had BP2 and not go back on the antidepressants.
 Could this be a diagnosis? I don't really know, and I kind of feel like I have a bit of imposter syndrome because I am only ""maybe bipolar"" despite being treated for it."
"I am currently suspended at work for reporting multie customers who may have called me a homophobic slur. I might get fired  Close  0  Posted by  1 month ago  I am currently suspended at work for reporting multie customers who may have called me a homophobic slur. I might get fired  Background: I'm an adult gay man in Chicago, IL. I work at a restaurant and I have been diagnosed with bipolar and schizoaffective disorders. My company never asked if I had a mental illness, but I ended up telling my boss recently.
 Basically, i asked my boss if I could no longer serve for multiple people who I thought called me a homophobic slur as I walked away. Note: I have never failed at my job or made any serious errors. My boss got fed up and said, ""I think you're making this up. There is no way 2-3 people in the last year have called you that""
 He then told me to take some time off. I asked him when I can come back and he said we're going to have to talk about where we can go from here.
 I understand that having to deal with drama might not be ideal, but I never confronted any of my patrons. All I asked for was to not be assigned to work with said individuals in the future, so I'm just not sure if this is grounds for firing.
 I know I am especially sensitive to that word. Sometimes I think people said it to me when they didn't. It's a frequent source of paranoia for me and stressful situations where I think people are angry at me trigger my schizoaffective and bi-polar disorders. I am medicated and able to function, but the thought disorder aspect makes me frequently mishear things and assume the worst. 
 I promised my boss to check myself and breath if this happens again. People have used that word at me many times in my life and it's somewhat engrained in my head. If I am, in fact, wrong about being called these things, it's due to the fact that I have a diagnosed perceptual disorder that makes me ruminate on specific words and thoughts.
 There have absolutely been multiple times in my long career as a waiter that I am 100% certain I've been called that word. Please note that my diagnosis does not affect my ability to do this job, at this point it just causes paranoia and fixations when I'm stressed which I then talk to my manager about. Do I have any legal grounds that can prevent a termination here?"
Tips for coping with mixed states?  Close  4  Posted by  2 months ago  Tips for coping with mixed states?  Hey lovely people of  r/bipolar2 ! I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 nearly a decade ago, but I’m struggling with a mixed state for the first time ever, and it has lasted 8 weeks up until now already. Feels like I’m leaning more towards depression, but I’m highly agitated, I cannot sit still. Also I’m dealing with rage fits to an extent where I’m scared of myself (I’m usually a very calm person, even when hypomanic). No suicidal ideation, at least this is working out nicely :) anyway, all my usual tactics and self-care I apply when depress/ hypomanic do not work for me anymore, and I think there must for sure be a better way to handling this. So, what do you do for self care or to maybe shorten this mixed state (apart from meds)?
"Coming to Terms that I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and scored Severely Depressed on a test  Advice  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Coming to Terms that I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and scored Severely Depressed on a test  Advice  My psychiatrist told me not to drink, but alcohol is my best friend and I just can’t talk about this sober.
 I’m trying to learn more about it, honestly. We haven’t had enough meeting for me to be diagnosed if I’m Type 1 or Type 2. My mood swings come very often though, extremely far off the charts most times, so I would assume I’m Type 1. For as long as I can remember I’ve always wanted to seek therapy because I feel like there’s something wrong with me , but despite all the self-harming, suicide attempts, and recently enduring an abusive relationship for a year, all my parents ever give me is religious advice.
 I’m also trying to learn and understand myself. What is mania. What is depression. What are my triggers, but it feels like I’m treading foreign waters on my own. I know that in my life I have nothing to be “Severely Depressed” about, but it’s there...and I still get thoughts about putting a plastic bag over my head and dying over the sound of Diazepam by Turnover playing on repeat."
"Struggling in a new relationship  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  Struggling in a new relationship  I started dating a woman who recently moved to the city I live in and, at the outset of our relationship, she was forthcoming about having been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, some prior hospitalizations, and a history of difficult relationships, including one in which her past boyfriend was verbally abusive towards her and she was on one occasion physically violent towards him. She has also told me in great detail about her efforts to better her life and overcome past struggles through reading and self-reflection, which has been really inspiring to discuss at length with her, as I've been engaged in similar self-help/spiritual reading, and it's yet another thing we have in common. Though we also have a lot in common in terms of our musical interests, cultural interests, and cultural/regional background, what started as a really enjoyable relationship, with great communication, really fun times, humor, laughter, intimacy, mutual attraction, so many memorable events, etc., has changed drastically over the past month, as a number of misunderstandings communicated in back and forth text messages  have caused her to become convinced that I do not listen to her. She has, on repeated occasions, become very upset and sometimes very insulting, even flying into abrupt rages, calling me names, accusing me of having poor communication skills, poor boundaries, of being overbearing, etc., and has also told me not to contact her and to leave her alone in a few different instances (I have obliged), only for her to resume contact after she has calmed down a bit. When I have asked her about her criticisms of me during the periods in which she is very upset, she seldom elaborates much. Having little experience with bipolar disorder, is anything I have described a hallmark of that disorder or just perhaps indicative of communication differences, and are things likely to improve and stabilize between us if I am able to address the communication issues we seem to be having? I'm taken aback by the sharp contrasts between the good and bad times we have been having, often in very close proximity to one another. It was only a few weeks ago we went to an awesome concert and dinner together and she was staying over at my place regularly and vice versa.
 A little additional info: her financial and employment situations have been trying for her since moving here, and I have tried to be supportive, giving her words of encouragement and things like jackets, extra blankets and a space heater to help her get through a rather harsh winter, and have also helped her move to a better apartment during the course of our relationship, for which she has been tremendously appreciative. Nonetheless, things have taken a very difficult turn lately, and we are now speaking less frequently. Obviously, I am far from perfect (I certainly have some social anxiety issues I have been working on improving) but I have really tried to be a good partner to her and to be there for her over these last few months. I'd be really sad to lose her. Any thoughts?"
"Will this combination of klonopin and alcohol successfully kill me?  Close  0  Posted by  27 days ago  Will this combination of klonopin and alcohol successfully kill me?  SCROLL ALL THE WAY DOWN TO SKIP THE DARK/SLIGHTLY THREATENING SOB STORY & GET STRAIGHT TO THE QUESTION. ALSO POSTED HERE 
 ✖️OVERALL QUESTION THAT I’D LIKE HELP ON ✖️
 7.5mg Klonopin and a giant bottle or two of a strong alcohol (e.g. whiskey) in one night. Would it to the trick?  A painless ending is highly preferable. I am small. 5’1 100 pounds. Any Thoughts...?
 Hi. Please just answer the question. Don’t try to save me or tell me it’ll be worth it, I’m an asshole, I’m a sociopath and a narcissist and I’ve messed up my relationship with the only person I cared about in the world. 20, female, rich family, college, but I don’t give a fuck that my parents gave me everything, I don’t care about anyone and always find something to hate about in everyone. I’m the devil him(her)self, feel no sympathy towards me, saying all of this is such a huge ego boost, but I’m a monster so don’t feel sympathy for me. I hurt people, string them along to drain their energy, waste their time, scar them emotionally and I can’t feel remorse. My only concern is taking and I can’t see anyone else’s point of view. Manipulating them into staying with me because I need their energy. I have no energy. Sit, watch, manipulate. That’s my personality. I have no remorse, empathy or regret—the only regret I feel is getting caught or wasting my time.  I am not a good person, and mask it like a master. Jesus on my necklace everyday. Everyday typical college girl. But no one knows who I reallly am, just the illusion that is prortrayed and now that the one person that I’ve ever experienced deep love, care, and feelings with, my favorite person, found out my truth, I can’t live with the pain of that loss. Nobody gives a fuck about me and I’m very ANGRY at the world, nobody helped me, no friends or family, no one. Ive come to a conclusion about a belief I’ve been contemplating about a lot—people don’t REALLY care about each other. Maybe 1-4 people, throughout your lifetime? And, that I am capable of doing something, something so terribly evil I can not mention on reddit or to anyone else in the world, and I would do with no regret remorse or empathy So please, Reddit, don’t try to convince me to not take my life because if any of you really are moral people with values and good character, you wouldn’t want me to live.
 Anyways!
 I have only about 7.5mg of Klonopin tables and want to ask my older cousin to buy me a giant can of alcohol. I’ve never drank before. Are they called cans? There’s all these different bottles and cans, but I’m going to be wanting the strongest one so I guess a giant fancy bottle is my best bet then? Does anyone know what the strongest type of alcohol is?
  You  don’t have to answer to those questions...
 Anywho!
 7.5mg Klonopin and a giant bottle of a strong alcohol (e.g. whiskey) in one night. Would it to the trick?
 The longer I am alive on earth the more people are in danger. I also don’t want to grow past 23 and look old! I like to gain power over others from my looks. Superficial charm. Intuition.  There is nothing more powerful than a beautiful young woman in college, other than a wealthy white gentleman or a white blonde mom in the suburbs with three kids and the name of Karen. I’ll read you like a book and sell you the best, most magical dream you could have ever imagined, and then slowly drain your energy and leave you confused, empty, trust issues, and yet still attached to me because I know just the right strings to pull and illusions to project to make myself seem harmless. The ego boost from this everything. I don’t care about anyone else. People are objects of manipulation. Everyone is selfish. They say hurt people hurt people and you’re goddamn right.
 Anyhow!
 Don’t talk me out of it please, and that there’s still hope, there’s no hope, I am the devil himself. Imay be young. But I’m  capable of carrying out certain acts, fueled by many years of deeply surpressed anger and hatred towards everyone and the world, how evil people are, fueled by feelings of a supreme god-like power and control, fueled by ego and the need to have ultimate power and control and dominance. No individual, who has moral values and good character, or even a small inkling of one or the other, would want someone like me to “please get help” or “call the suicide hotline” (that btw just sends you directions to a local therapist. Like, thanks...Therapy is absolute bullshit. You need to look within yourself and find the answers and your truth. Get a Cancer, Pisces or Scorpio friend that cares about you as they are extremely emotionally intelligent enough to quickly learn about you and your patterns, to the root of the issue and help you heal with love, the highest vibrational frequency of all 🤓🤪)
 (Psychiatrists are cool though because it’s all more logical, and because of that more instantly beneficial and stable. Therapy is so uncertain and not worth the gamble, and the suicide hotline is a mess that just makes me want to croak even more just dealing with it. Through my psych rn and from several psychiatrists in the past (let’s pull out this long list from the imaginary magical fairytale book of hidden sadness and secrets) I have been diagnosed with Bipolar 1 Disorder, Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD), a few qualities of Antisocial Personality Disorder, Narcissistic Personality Disorder, all of which are linked to sociopathy. At least I get the sadboi clout.
 So now that we’ve established some background about myself, please tell me if the amount of Klonopin and alcohol that I listed above (7.5mg/a very strong bottle of hard liquor) Would successfully do the trick?
 PS: please don’t try to convince me to not do it. Iappreciate the words but I know theres almost ALWAYS an ulterior motive. If in rare cases not, though the intent may be to help make another person better or “save” them, but you will be doing the total opposite if you successfully convince me (which isn’t going to happen). I am deeeeeepply hurt beyond repair and the way I survive is by taking from people. Energy, time, love, emotions, validation, stability. And I don’t give a fuck because I’ve learned that doing the right thing gets you nowhere, people use you,take advantage, look down on you, play games, betray you... little life advice...2 types of people in the world. ;) 🤫
 Anyways!
 Will the klonopin and liquor successfully complete the task? Zero tolerance for both. 5’1, 20 years of age and 101 pounds. just want to watch Avatar the Last Airbender out at the neighborhood park at night, and right as I’m starting to feel it I’m going to start to record my last final moments and send it to my ex best friend, telling her that the reason that I’m gone, the reason my family, “friends” and long term family friends will be in pain and in mourning is because of her. But I do know deep down who I am. She had every right to walk away from me, I’m toxic x100, and I would have continuously Improved my toxic trails day by day. but I would’ve done anything for her and if roles were reversed I would still love my best friend unconditionally, toxic trails or not. I would’ve tried to change for her, which I’ll admit  would be really hard, take time and effort, but I would’ve done it for her. I would t done anything for her :) I want her to live with that guilt and pain  the rest of her life, that she is the sole purpose of my suicide...and that maybe one day as a grandma she’ll begin to realize after so much time, no one has ever loved her with as much passion, protective nurturing energy, provided her with unconditional love, ride or die loyalty, devotion, intensity and raw emotion, and would have walked towards the ends of the earth and back for her...anything at all for her.
 If you actually read through all that then you are probably are/on track to becoming successful one day I applaud you 👏👏
  ✖️OVERALL QUESTION THAT I’D LIKE HELP ON ✖️
 7.5mg Klonopin and a giant bottle or two of a strong alcohol (e.g. whiskey) in one night. Would it to the trick?  A painless ending is highly preferable. I am small. 5’1 100 pounds. Any Thoughts...?"
"[Serious] Severe Side Effects of Medication Change: Need Advice  Advice  Close  6  Posted by  2 months ago  [Serious] Severe Side Effects of Medication Change: Need Advice  Advice  Edit   My doctor just got back to me! He said listening to my voicemails he could tell how anxious, panic and how much I was struggling. He is adding a medicine to my dosage. Risperdal is being added.
 Time to look into this medication to see if there is anything I should be looking out for.
   Edit  
 I have been diagnosed with Bipolar with Manic Depression. My psychiatrist changed my medication dosage on January 28, 2020. He has been wanting to get me off Fluoxetine since he met me when I moved.
 My previous doctor placed me on it.
 I was taking 50MG Lamotrigine, and 50MG Fluoxetine.
 He wanted me to to stop taking the Fluoxetine and take only Lamotrigine and upped my dosage. 100MG Lamotrigine.
 I thought it would be okay and for the first few days, and the first week! But now I am on the second week, tomorrow will be the start of week three, and I am back to how I was before I started taking medicine.
 I was suicidal. I had massive mood swings. I was self harming. I was on the brink of breaking, I knew it. That was why I asked about taking medication. But now I am back to square one. I am crying for no reason. I am having dark thoughts. I am having impulses. Nothing is making me upset. No one is triggering me. Nothing is triggering me. I have had to call the national suicide prevention help line. And a self harm crisis line. I cannot go to county crisis. I went one time and the people there were uncaring, rude, and would laugh at you if you were triggered and crying. I can’t go there.
 The only thing I can think is that this is happening because of the medication change.
 I have called my doctor 4 times in the past 3 day. Saturday. Sunday. Monday.
 I thought if I called Monday, I would get to talk to him. But I can’t because it is a holiday.
 I am grasping at straws.
 I have the Fluoxetine still. Should I take it? I don’t want to abuse my medication. But I feel like I am running out of options. I have had 6 successful months of no self harm, no suicidal thoughts, no mania, hardly any depression and one change to my medication and I am back to square one."
"What re-current symptoms do you consider ""normal"" now (if any) after dealing with your diagnosis?  Close  3  Posted by  1 month ago  What re-current symptoms do you consider ""normal"" now (if any) after dealing with your diagnosis?  Hi! I hope you're faring OK during these times. Please be patient as this can sound a bit confusing and not much of a fully formed idea yet. I'm yet to discuss this with my therapist. A bit of context: I have been experiencing recurrent dips in energy since mid last year. I think that fatigue and hypersomnia (oversleeping) are my main tells when I'm about to dip for a few days or will have another episode. I have been diagnosed with bipolar II disorder November last year, but I'm asking in this subreddit because the depressive symptoms are the more problematic ones for me.
 I have been doing my work going to therapy, taking my meds, practicing mindfulness, journaling, and I can self-soothe way better compared to before. But despite all that I still get a day or two of ""dips"" where I'm totally bed-ridden and I just couldn't get up, eat, nor shower. I know that I'll get back up again and this is relatively better compared to last year where I can be like this for 4 days or more.
 I've only been managing this diagnosis for a few months and I want to know if this would be a new ""normal"" for me where I would be stuck in bed for a day or so. Now for the questions:
   For those who have been managing their depressive symptoms and have been pretty good with it, do you still get those dips (or whatever your main symptom you get) or do you ""relapse"" although not as gravely as before?
   What does your ""normal"" look like now after dealing with the diagnosis/symptoms?
   How did you ""negotiate"" with your self what would be normal, and what could still be treated or what symptom can be completely eradicated?
   If there are other things you think that could help me further understand, please feel free to include it. I will deeply appreciate it.
 Thank you for the time."
"I had a weird dream last night  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  I had a weird dream last night  99 Problems/Rant/Story  I am 23 years old female. I am new to Reddit. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder 5 years ago . I have no one around me to help ( because they either think I am faking it or I need to pray or it is not that important ). So I am still trying to adopt to these ups and downs. I moved to France in September the 3rd 2018. And the last couple of years were not easy at all.
 So , I woke up this morning after a weird dream. (Most of my dreams are weird but this one was kind of interesting.)
 In this dream I was the woman I've always wanted to be. I've done all the things I said I wanted to do and I was all the things I pretend to be. And then this woman ( that is supposed to be the absolute best version of me ) went across a bridge and smiled then dissapeared.
 For some reason when I woke up , I had this interesting idea: what if god, wakes up from his eternal sleep, and takes me back to 1st January 2019 . What would I have done differently to be this woman?
 Then I realised that nothing I've done for the last year counts. Instead I have been "" walking backwards "".  I've been falling in this dark deep pit and I can't find the end of it. I know that my plan changed in the 5 last years at least six times but the end goal was always the same. That woman I thought I would be by today. And then I came to this conclusion that all I am is thrush, I can't stand anyone in my entourage, air is too toxic for me to breathe, I can't accomplish my goals, and I don't know what's next. I lost the ability to dream of a better future. I lost the appetite for a better future."
"Hi guys. Just wanted to give an update on all my old posts  Close  462  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Hi guys. Just wanted to give an update on all my old posts  So about from the age of 13 to 16 I had some drug addictions. Marijuana, Adderall, opiates some, Xanax, did shrooms once,  and heavy DXM use. I went to rehab at 14 (on the order of my parents), and began to feel a serious disconnect from reality. I thought aspergers, I thought dpdr. Turns out none of true. I had a few episodes and was admitted to a psychiatric hospital at age 16 and spent the next 2 years at hospitals. I have been diagnosed with bipolar w/ psychotic features, OCD, anxiety, and depression, and schizo-affective disorder. I’m currently 18, home, and healthy. I have a new outlook on life.
 I really enjoyed my time here on this sub, but alas, I will be staying sober due to mental health and medications (Abilify).
 Thank you  r/drugs !
 EDIT: thanks for the silver!"
Struggling in a new relationship  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  Struggling in a new relationship  I started dating a woman who recently moved to the city I live in and, at the outset of our relationship, was forthcoming about having been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, some prior hospitalizations, and a history of difficult relationships. She has also told me in great detail about her efforts to better her life through reading and self-reflection, which has been really inspiring to discuss at length with her. I've been engaged in similar self-help/spiritual reading, and it's yet another thing we have in common. Though we also have a lot in common in terms of our musical interests, cultural interests, and cultural/regional background, what started as a really enjoyable relationship, with great communication, really fun times, humor, laughter, intimacy, mutual attraction, memorable events attended, etc. (in spite of some depressive episodes she has had over the past few months which I have been happy to support her during), things have changed drastically over the past month, as a number of misunderstandings communicated in text messages and so forth have caused her to become convinced that I do not listen to her. She has, on repeated occasions, become very upset and sometimes very insulting, even flying into abrupt rages, calling me names, accusing me of having poor communication skills, poor boundaries, of being overbearing, etc., and she has also told me not to contact her and to leave her alone on a few different occasions (I have obliged), only for her to resume contact after she has calmed down a bit. Having little experience with bipolar disorder, is anything I have described a hallmark of that disorder or just perhaps indicative of communication differences, and are things likely to improve and stabilize between us if I am able to address the communication issues we seem to be having? I'm taken aback by the sharp contrasts between the good and bad times we have been having, often in very close succession. A little additional info: her financial and employment situations have been trying for her since moving here, and I have given her things like jackets and a space heater to help her get through a rather harsh winter, and have also helped her move to a better apartment during the course of our relationship, for which she has been tremendously appreciative. Nonetheless, things have taken a very difficult turn lately, and we are speaking far less frequently. Obviously, I am far from perfect (I certainly have some social anxiety issues I have been working on improving) but I have really tried to be a good partner to her and to be there for her over these last few months. I'd be really sad to lose her.
"I used to be a teacher and now I make more money to do less work. I hate it.  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  I used to be a teacher and now I make more money to do less work. I hate it.  Two years ago I quit teaching to work on my mental health. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder which seems to be a good fit. My medication is doing wonders and I am so ready to go back to teaching. But I am worried. Last year I applied at some places and I got 0 interviews. This year my old job called me and begged me to come back to work at their school in my old position. (apparently my replacement is not cutting the mustard.) This offer gives me mixed feelings.
 My current job pays me more than my teaching job but I absolutely hate it here. I am a receptionist. I answer a phone when I used to shape children. My coworkers are all 60+, I am about to turn 30. I cant relate to anyone here. I feel so meaningless here. I know a lot of people are working a job they hate right now. What is your job and why do you hate it?"
"Life without meds?  Close  0  Posted by  2 months ago  Life without meds?  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar I nearly ten years ago. Its been a rollercoaster of medications, therapists, and counseling ever since. I think...i want to try life without medication. Im so incredibly numb all the time. I dont have “good days”. I dont feel anything. And im sick of the side effects.
 My question is...for those of you unmedicated, would you say its a life worth living or would you rather be medicated? Im scared a numb life would be better than the alternative. Im scared.
 Im super new to reddit but im so glad i found this safe haven...i really need the support."
In the last two weeks I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, a rapidly degenerative liver disorder and had my home office stolen closing my small business...  Close  460  Posted by  8 years ago  Archived  In the last two weeks I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, a rapidly degenerative liver disorder and had my home office stolen closing my small business...  imgur.com/sdqdy  39 comments  share  save  hide  report  93% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1    8 years ago  Hey, I'm in a rough spot now too man. And I, as well, have bipolar disorder and I swear weed helps immensely! Since the day I started smoking (2 years ago) I haven't had a bipolar "attack" ever again. And that's a big deal cause I've been prescribed several medications for it for the past 10 years and NOTHING has even helped me.. until now. I'll be sure to toke one up for you tonight :)
"Friend is fucking my crush in my house we share.  Close  5  Posted by  1 month ago  Friend is fucking my crush in my house we share.  So I am in this shitty situation: Me and my best friend live together. We've been friends for many years, and would die each other without thinking twice. We went to a party recently, and a girl I crushed on throughout high school was there. She had a boyfriend, so I wasnt gonna try to make a move, but we clicked on a lot of levels and laughed and joked around a lot. So after the party we got news that her boyfriend and her broke up. She lived with him and needed a place to stay, so we decided to let her stay with us until she was back on her feet. Again, I decided to not make a move, because I feel like I would be taking advantage of her shitty situation. Until about 2 weeks ago, I walked into the kitchen, and my roommate and her were making out. Since then they've kinda been dating ig. It hurts to watch them be happy together, and my depressed ass can't do anything about it. I can't tell her how I feel without compromising my friends and my relationship, but I also cant stand living here with them kissing in front of me, and fucking two rooms down from where I sleep. And now me and her are quarantined to the house, but his job his 'essential' and he works almost every day. Now I'm stuck alone with a girl who I desperately want to hold, with out being able to do anything. Friend has also been ditching me a lot for her. He's usually my go to guy about this kind of stuff, and he doesn't seem to notice or care how depressed I've been. I feel like I'm I'm unlovable and disposable to anyone I feel close to. Help.
 Edit: Should add that I have been diagnosed with bipolar depression, and that this is just the cherry on top of what I'm going through in my mind, so sorry if I was a little dramatic."
"How do I let go of my anger?  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  How do I let go of my anger?  (Let me know if this isn’t the right subreddit to put this here, but I didn’t know where else to go.)
 I (19f) have been so angry recently. I have been very stressed with transferring for my job, and trying to find an apartment for myself, as well as trying to maintain my physical and mental health. Now these days it’s almost as if I can’t control my anger. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder as well as depression, severe anxiety, PTSD, and ACS (abandoned child syndrome). Every single one of my disorders has been affecting me and my health and my relationship, but it is mostly my anger. I’ll get mad a lot and sometimes for no reason at all, or it may just be a little thing that shouldn’t even be effecting me. I am seeing my psychiatrist soon, but can anyone give me some advice or some coping skills I could do to help in the meantime? Anything is appreciated!"
"Need some input  Trigger Warning  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  Need some input  Trigger Warning  Hello, I would a bit of perspective from people who also have been diagnosed with bipolar 2, my apologies in advance for this sounding rambly and incoherent at all. I'm not good with putting my thoughts into words so bear with me. ^^;;
 (trigger warning: light mention of self harm and hospitalization)
 To give some background I'm in high school and I've been going through a lot of mental issues likely as a result of family abuse(? still in a bit of denial to even call it ""abuse"") I went through back during my middle school days, although I'm not completely certain. After some time trying to figure out any specific mental problems I may have, I got diagnosed with bipolar 2 around late last year. At first it explained a lot of things, but at the moment I feel a little troubled that I perhaps don't fit the criteria all that well/could've possibly even been misdiagnosed?
 I have had my fair share of depressive episodes of course, but I doubt I ever have full on hypomania. I do get tendencies to make impulsive decisions I suppose? But I don't really act on them often because of how lazy and unmotivated I am. My psychiatrist basically said her reasoning for giving me the diagnosis is because of my irritability issues and how problematic they are whenever I'm in a more energized state.
 To give more background I've been diagnosed with GAD, and like I said before I have an anger problem. Not a good mix at all, it really impacts my relationships around me as I am, lacking any better term, sort of emotionally unstable. I have a friend who, in recent years, I grew really close with and the friendship itself meant a lot to me, maybe a little too much. To keep this short I grew this horrible obsession with him that spanned for about a year and a half. Around him I was super impulsive and unstable and he could easily impact my state as a whole. There were times I completely loved him and then the next second I could completely resent him for a minor thing he did that I completely warped in my dumb brain because of my anxiety. I got jealous easily and I felt super insecure, awful, and even sick to my stomach whenever he spent time with other people. I was so afraid of losing the only close friendship I ever had that my anxiety and anger took that fear to the next level. I'd often start petty fights because of my own petty insecurities. It got bad to the point where I had to be hospitalized for almost self-harming over him not texting me for hours one day, childish.
 That visit to the hospital happened around December last year, and ever since I became super determined to distance myself from that friend, as he was also greatly affected from it of course, and saw the friendship as being tainted in his eyes. I've been doing okay thankfully, there are times where I would want to start a fight with him again just because of a stupid fear I have, but I managed to hold back more often now, which I'm proud of. In the end I care about him a lot and want the best for him, my behavior from mid 2018-late 2019 was not needed at all and he did not deserve that, no decent person does. I'm still good friends with him, but don't idolize him as much now.
 So I guess my point is my impulsiveness really only affects how I am with my personal relationships? Even though I only mentioned one friend, my overall handling with friends and family could be a lot better to say the least. However if that's the case, is that even valid enough to call hypomania???
 So basically my question is, how do you guys see your hypomania? What's it like? Am I the only one who has a case like this? I'll be happy to answer any questions as I feel like I haven't explained it well enough to be honest. ^^;; Again my apologies if this post is confusing.
 Thanks in advance."
Anyone else go through this too?  General  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  Anyone else go through this too?  General  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 almost 5 yrs ago. The only manic episodes I ever had always progressed into psychosis pretty quickly. I stopped smoking weed over 2 yrs ago and haven't had a manic episode since. It makes me wonder if it was solely caused by marijuana. I've always dealt with depression, but over the past 3 yrs the depression is terrible. My depression can last for 6 months give or take. I also have social anxiety that magnifies x100 when in depression. I started going into depression again at the end of November. Started out sleeping a lot with no energy, quickly spiraling into full blown depression. Rarely leaving the house for 3 months now. This is the weird part I don't understand..... I have tried a few different meds that have helped and these are the 2 that worked for me, first Latuda and most recently Lamictal. Both have done the exact same thing! They will start working and the depression is completely lifted and I was able to live again. Then after about 6 or 7 months of doing great it's like the medication completely ceases to work anymore. Is this normal? I know that you can be on meds that after several years will loose effect, but after a few months?!?! I've never posted about this online before, but I don't know what else to do. Anybody go through the same things?
"Diagnosing teenagers  Discussion Starter  Close  1  Posted by   Bipolar 1   3 months ago  Diagnosing teenagers  Discussion Starter  I read a lot about and by teenagers that have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I find this really strange and risky! How do you feel about it? How do they even screen say a 15year old? A great deal of my evaluation included past behaviour and patterns that have shown during many years. I just feel the risk of misdiagnosis and stigma is really huge when you put the bipolar label on teens. But I dont know much about that process so I really wanna hear your takes on it
 I also wonder if this is cultural, specifically american, to diagnose such young people?"
"My Dad (40s) Might Be Dealing With Psychosis and Delusions... What Can I (20s) Do?  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  My Dad (40s) Might Be Dealing With Psychosis and Delusions... What Can I (20s) Do?  I’m using a very necessary throw away because my father and other family is on reddit, and the details of this story are so specific... so if you’re reading this, I’m sorry Dad I’m just trying to help you.
 Some necessary background information you must know is that I have been diagnosed with Bipolar 1, Intermittent Explosive Disorder, and ADHD. My father, although never officially diagnosed, has always shown many of the same traits I do, and I believe I inherited these disorders from him.
 My father is an artist. He makes his living working in studios and playing shows. He has always had a very large ego on the outside, (maybe even a bit of a god complex?) but he is actually quite insecure on the inside. We didn’t spend much time together as I grew up because he and my mother were separated and we lived in different states. However I think of us as being very close, and I have many similar personality traits, and the same sense of humor, so we have always gotten along well, despite his large absence.
 He has always had a drinking problem that escalated as I grew older. Especially when he felt discouraged from his music... this really went down hill after a huge ordeal that involved our entire family in which he thought he would finally “make it” but it never came to be. This crushed him. The drinking picked up and he gained a lot of weight.
 He has always been somewhat unstable, but he has perfected the craft of making you think he’s got everything under control.
 For 8 years he hid just how horrific his drinking problem was from his family. We knew it was bad but not the extent of it, really. He gained more and more weight until he was at least 400lbs (mostly from alcohol). He stopped working. He stopped wanting to perform due to his embarrassment of his size. He isolated himself entirely and hid his problems away.  He lives with his gf of 15+ years, and she said that even though he was openly drinking throughout the day, lounging on the couch, she would still find little shooters hidden in his dresser... it was bad.
 But he’s also the kind of person to explode when confronted. Even getting mean at times, just to avoid facing what you have said... so we (me, my paternal grandmother, and my dads gf) just sort of gave up. We said “oh ****’s got it under control.”
 Surprise! He didn’t have it under control not one bit.
 It all came to a tipping point last winter when he almost died of liver failure and spent three weeks in the hospital. He survived, lost 150lbs, and quit drinking for good (the doctor said even just one more cup could kill him, still though). He’s not out of the woods but he pretty much made a miraculous turn around, and is back to loving himself.
 Now, I’m so happy that he is sober and present and alive and feeling healthy but the problem is, I think his mental health has suffered and I’m nervous about the things he’s been saying lately...
 After he quit drinking he started to go through very obvious periods of mania and depression. As someone who experiences them myself, I could see it right away. But he didn’t want to admit it... you see, this whole miraculous turn around sort of fed the monster that was his God complex and he just decided it was him. He has always spoken about a belief that he is extraordinary, or not even human, but he has never been so outspoken about it, as he is now.
 He’s been working again, and writing, and playing shows and from the outside he is better than ever... and he is, I truly believe it... but I’m afraid that this untreated bipolar is turning into psychosis.
 Let me mention that he is in therapy right now, but he isn’t an easy patient. After an episode where he nearly harmed someone in anger, during an episode of mania, his PCP spoke with the in office psychiatrist and they gave him a script for seroquel that very same day because of how alarmed they were.. but did he take it? No.
 He said he was afraid that it would disrupt his “connection to God and the heavens” and ruin his ability. I understand the fear of being someone else on medication, but the wording was a little worrisome to me. He then went and convinced his doctors he didn’t need the meds because this episode was triggered from too much caffeine and that he would simply stop drinking so much and be fine.
 He’s usually adamant that nothing is wrong with him. Some days he will admit he thinks he may be bipolar or mention being “manic”, but he is not willing to be treated by anything more than talk therapy. He has been to the psychiatrist once or twice, but I know him, and I believe he will not be honest with her... he is a performer and he will be “acting” the way he thinks he should, or which way might be the most interesting.
 There is little I can do from states away, however I’m becoming more and more alarmed and wondering if maybe I should be doing more. The figurative language he uses, and the things he’s been saying has me worried he’s experiencing delusions.
 He has been, by his own admission, manic for weeks now. He had a concert last night that he described as strange. A drunk man heckled him, and he had a few other strange experiences with people he hadn’t seen in a long time. However the way he described it to me was he believes that the man was a demon sent to him and that he himself as “an agent of the light, and the disciples of the darkness are trying to drag me down” into their dark depths... or something along those lines... it was semi-religious in nature, and he was deathly serious.
 I find that if I don’t go along with what he says, he usually ends the subject or the conversation and doesn’t bring it up again, and so I just agreed and moved the conversation on, even though I was alarmed. The rest of the conversation was normal and he always seems to be “there”, and intelligent and I can never tell if it’s just another way of him performing, for his own grown child...
 This isn’t the first time he’s mentioned things about angels and demons or things of that nature... I guess my question is, what, if anything, should I do?
 Do I talk to him about this? Anytime I do he just denies anything is wrong and will cease to say these things to me for a while. Do I talk to my grandmother? His GF? Am I worried about nothing? Is it just another part of him wanting to feel special or more than others due to his career and people’s response? Or is it more than that maybe?
 I feel like there really isn’t much I can do but I feel like I had to ask. Does anyone have any advice? How should I continue our relationship? How do I support him? Or is it better left untouched?"
"Smiling Bipolar  Close  30  Posted by  4 months ago  Smiling Bipolar  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 for a number of years now, but I was told that I most likely had it from being 16 but it wasn't diagnosed until I was 25. I also have generalised anxiety disorder. I find my mental health affects most aspects of my life. But my anxiety in particular prevents me going out alone.
 However I recently came across the term 'smiling' bipolar.  It sums me up perfectly. The only person who has seen the extent of my condition is my husband. But to other people I look perfectly fine. Someone can ask me how I am and my answer will always be ""fine thanks"" even though inside I feel like I am dying, and had thought about taking all my medication that morning. I could have a breakdown in my car, but if someone I knew came up to the car I can just wipe my tears, smile and pretend all is ok.
 I even do this at the doctor's when I have a mental health review. The last one I had, he asked me if I had been having suicidal thoughts, I immediately shook my head turned looked at my husband who gave me a look as to say tell the truth. I turned to the doctor nodded my head and cried a little bit. Then went on to explain the extent of my thoughts, but desperately trying to hide the distress this was causing me.
 At the moment I have been feeling really depressed, and my husband has told some of my friends. But when they see me, I look perfectly fine. I honestly feel like a fraud. Please tell me I am not alone on this?"
"Call for help!  Close  9  Posted by  2 months ago  Call for help!  Hey , am 29 y o immigrant, who came to US to persue higher education, after finishing my masters degree I joined a top tech company
 All my dreams came crashing down when I had a car accident after which  I have been diagnosed with bipolar about 2 years now! Since then I have had worst depression and manic episodes , feels like am just alive physically and something inside me died ! After my first episode I was just on bed looking at the ceiling for 3-4 months! Nothing made sense!! I was very athletic before all this happened and I was just there in that room , all by myself and it was hard to believe on what hit me!
 I got into wedlock without the knowledge of this disease and it's taking a toll on our marriage as well! And worst of all I really love her and can't see what she has been going through!! We are going through a very tough time economically due to all the bills and sessions!
 I have been working all this while but am unable to take the pressure of it in few circumstances when am ill !
 Can someone tell me if there's any job consultant with whom I can discuss this and still find a decent enough job! I have all the degrees and experience needed!! Please help 🙏🏼
 Sarvey janah sukhino bavanthu : may all beings be hail and healthy!"
"I have struggled with depression, and been happy for the first time in 3 months. [AMA]  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  I have struggled with depression, and been happy for the first time in 3 months. [AMA]  **My roommate told me to make a reddit, and make a Ask Me Anything for everyone who has struggled with depression, or still is struggling, who has someone who is struggling.**I have been depressed for the last 3 months as i have tried to count, i have about 56% absents at my studies. I've quit my job, lost my girlfriend, attempted suicide, lost about 28kg of weight, barely had contact with my parents, now today thursday the 6th of february, i have smiled and had a good night of sleep, and felt genuinely happy. Ask me anything if you have any questions or thoughts or anything you want to share. Call me Jake everyone , i have been diagnosed with Bipolar type 1, and if you have no idea what that is, let me give you a short explanation. Theres Mania and then theres Depression.
 Mania:i am a super human, i feel like i can do everything RIGHT NOW, as in. I spend more money than i can afford, i go to the gym morning, midday, and evening, but also doing 2 jobs at the same time, also starting a new company, pretty much just doing more more more more.Have lots of energy, Feel high or wired, Have racing thoughts, Talk fast, Take more risks, Need less sleep than usual to feel rested, Have more distractions than usual, Have intense senses, such as smell and touch.
 Depression: Feelings of sadness, tearfulness, emptiness or hopelessness, Angry outbursts, irritability or frustration, even over small matters, Loss of interest or pleasure in most or all normal activities, such as sex, hobbies or sports, Sleep disturbances, including insomnia or sleeping too much. People think depression is sadness. People think depression is crying. People think depression is dressing in black.  But people are wrong. Depression is the constant feeling of being numb. Being numb to emotions, being numb to life. You wake up in the morning just to go to bed again.
 Sincerely Jake"
"All of the above  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  All of the above  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, BPD, GAD, PTSD, Depression. Went through these my entire life, but wasnt, really, discovered until 2008. Now I am trying to get my life together and figure out which way to go.
 I have had so many different jobs throughout my entire employment history, that it is extremely pathetic. The longest job I have held was for 6 years, but it was only a continuous temp job and it required a tremendous amount of traveling(driving). I ended up driving over 24K miles just last year without travel pay. The Kong did give me ample amounts of days off when I worked local.
 I never really figured out the best field for me to enter, until a couple of years ago and, now it is just too late for me in that field, due to my age, physical abilities, mental incapacitation, and loss of short term memory.
 The field is merchandising and team lead, which requires a tremendous amount of labor. I seem to be much more capable of performing this job when I am off of my medications, but I have many anger outbursts(a lot of times I end up kicking items across the store), as well as fear, paranoia, shakes......and my mind going 10 miles a minute.
 I have taken an extreme number of different meds throughout my life and the doctors have, still, not found me the proper combinations to improve my mental capacity.
 So, I am trying to find the best field for me to get into which both my body and mentality level will be able to handle. I am more/less a Jack-of-all-trades (food service, landscaping, painting, freelance writer, delivery driver, janitorial.....). Someone please help me. Thx."
"Has anyone went back on an old medication and find it working again?  Question  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Has anyone went back on an old medication and find it working again?  Question  Hello all. I used to be on Effexor XR 4 years ago. 37.5mg alone helped me out of a depressive slump big time! After being on 75mg for months, it stopped working. I was also flipping back and forth between the immediate release and the xr. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder 2 or NOS, and I’m currently on abilify. I was thinking about trying a low dose Effexor again along with my abilify to see if I see some kind of relief once again. I’ve been on a medication carousel since, trying things like Prozac, Zoloft, pristiq, Wellbutrin and viibryd which sent me to hell!
 Has anybody ever been able to go back on a previous medication and find that it helps again? Any experience, good or bad would be appreciated!"
"I have been diagnosed with bipolar,schizotypal,anxiety, and borderline personality disorder but yet nobody in my family believes me and it’s hard because dealing with all the turmoil in my head,yet having no one believe you,and feeling like this scared little kid in an adult body  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I have been diagnosed with bipolar,schizotypal,anxiety, and borderline personality disorder but yet nobody in my family believes me and it’s hard because dealing with all the turmoil in my head,yet having no one believe you,and feeling like this scared little kid in an adult body  2 comments  share  save  hide  report  75% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   BPD + OCD Tendencies   1 year ago  I'm really sorry. You have a support network here.
 There's a Discord server called The Haven that is really active for people with mental illnesses."
"call for help  Advice  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  call for help  Advice  Hey , am 29 y o immigrant, who came to US to persue higher education, after finishing my masters degree I joined a top tech company
 I had a car accident after which  I have been diagnosed with bipolar about 2 years now! Since then I have had worst depression and manic episodes , feels like am just alive physically and something inside me died ! I was very athletic before all this happened and now am just not interested in a damn thing!
 I got into wedlock without the knowledge of this disease and it's taking a toll on our marriage as well! And worst of all I really love her and can't see what she has been going through!! We are also having a severe economic strain right now!
 I have been working all this while but am unable to take the pressure of it in few circumstances when am ill
 Can someone tell me if there's any job consultant with whom I can discuss this and still find a decent enough job! Have all the degrees and experience needed!! Please help 🙏🏼
 Sarvey janah sukhino bavanthu : may all beings be hail and healthy!"
"I just feel so lonely, I think I might kill myself  Serious  Close  5  Posted by  5 months ago  I just feel so lonely, I think I might kill myself  Serious  I feel very lonely. I have no one and I'm always the one reaching out others -- I've even talked about how I wanted to die to some friends but it didn't end up in anything, they just forgot about it. A friend of mine just recently started dating and this has made me remember how much I'm unwanted. No one has ever wanted me around. I have been diagnosed with bipolar and my mom wants me to quit my meds -- well, she's actually quite close to ordering me to; I'm taking Valproate, Olanzapine and Sertraline and I've already ran out of Olanzapine since my dad ran away from home (for the third time in this year) leaving us without much money. I do take some joy in thinking that going cold turkey might lead me to suicide, might finally give me some courage. I'm considering killing myself this week or next. I hope I'll succeed. Right now I feel relieved and calm because it seems like everything is finally coming to an end.
  
 Once someone said to me no one wants to talk with someone who's always so sad and I do see now that she was right."
"AITA for not letting a non-invite go?  No A-holes here  Close  4  Posted by  5 months ago  AITA for not letting a non-invite go?  No A-holes here  A few of my friends left me out of a party, which I guess is fine, you can only invite so many people, and I didn’t make the cut. I thought I was pretty close to them but I guess not enough. I’ve been going through a lot mentally and that was a bit of a tipping point and I blew up at both of them, asking if they even cared, to which one replied by saying he loved me and that he was insulted I’d even ask that, and that in order to preserve my dignity I shouldn’t have a shitty attitude about it and not obsess over flaws in current relationships. The other simply said “I wasn’t targeting you personally, I value our friendship and I want to move past this.” I’ve been used to people saying stuff like this before and then completely abandoning me for their other friends and I’m terrified of losing these people because they’re pretty much all I have. I’m not good at social interaction. People don’t invite me to stuff and I usually feel ignored or like a last choice. I can’t help feeling this way.
 It’s been a few days, and still neither have texted me, of the second friend, they’ve sent me messages and videos that were obviously also sent to 10 other people. They also leave me on read very often when I message them.
 I feel like if it were me and one of them asked me something like this, I’d go out of my way to prove to them that I cared, maybe getting some type of peace offering or getting them food to apologize for unintentionally hurting their feelings. Maybe it’s an old fashioned sentiment, but I feel like that’s putting actions to your words and not just  saying  something. Am I the asshole for expecting a bit more attention or some kind of more thorough apology after this? or am I justified in being upset that it still seems like my friends are annoyed that I got upset and don’t want to be around me?
 EDIT: some info about me, I have been diagnosed with bipolar symptoms for a little over a year. I’m medicated and see therapy. This outburst is also unusually out of character of me to do so. I’m normally pretty calm and take a lot of things in stride, so I don’t mean to say I’m like this all the time from just one instance. I have also been friends with these people for 3 and 2 years respectively and I do love them with all my heart."
"Adhd meds masked my bipolar?  Med Question  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  Adhd meds masked my bipolar?  Med Question  So ealier this year I had a psychotic break and had all of my mental problems spill out in front of my parents because of it. After some time spent in isolation, I went to a therapist, and to make a long story short have been diagnosed with bipolar 2. However this diagnosis is more based off of my past rather then the present. Back when I was off my adhd medication I had a new obsession every week. Jumping from skateboarding, reptiles, surfing, fish, etc. I had a really hard time with relationships and was very emotional. Present me has been on meds for 3 years roughly with minor medication problems in between, but has seen major improvement. I have a pretty good set of friends, better grades, and Weirdly enough now have zero interest in anything.
 Those problems in between I mentioned are what sorta brought up the idea of something being mentally wrong with me. I like to keep my problems to myself, this time however, leading to a psychotic break.
 Now the “signs” of my bipolar have settled or rather changed into a weird up and down of minimal confidence and major lows. There are some days we’re I’m filled with that love for life, talk to everyone, dream of success vibe. While other days, I get up and have like this automatic irritability for everyone, Were I want to snap over the slightest Inconvenience. Thankfully me snapping has only happened a handful of times. I’m sorry I’m all over the place but essentially I’m wondering if my adhd meds( mydayis and then later adderall) masked some of my bipolar symptoms until I had my breakdown?
 If you’ve read this far, I’m sorry for my terrible formatting because I’m on mobile and I’m new to reddit. If there is some gap in information feel free to ask me anything!"
"Bipolar ladies? Bipolar 1 and pregnancy (med-free)  Discussion Starter  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Bipolar ladies? Bipolar 1 and pregnancy (med-free)  Discussion Starter  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 since 2012. I have been med free since the beginning of July, when I found out we were expecting. It was planned. I was on a low dose of lamictal before I found out.
 Other than some depressed moods and irritability, I have actually been doing okay. I had to get a new psychiatrist during all this, because my old one left. The new one wanted to put me on Latuda at my first visit, but my Obgyn said not to unless I am having worse symptoms. I guess it's not just birth defects but the medicine affecting the baby at birth/causing unnecessary complications.
 I think what I have going for me, through all of this, is that my husband has been there for me through  past  episodes of psychosis. He knows when something isn't right. My goal has just been to keep the pregnancy and myself as healthy as possible. As many people with bipolar have understood, it is sometimes very hard to recognize when you are going ""off the edge"" by yourself. So having my husband helps a lot!
 My next step is to come up with a ""postpartum plan"" for meds after delivery. I am meeting with my psychiatric NP this month so that we can have a plan. This was discussed at my last Obgyn appointment and honestly I can't wait to get back on meds after he's born (3/18 due). Not gonna say that I am severely depressed, but I am dealing with low moods. Also, I feel irritable for literally no reason and it is not fun...I don't get aggressive or angry outwardly. My irritability/anger inside however, feels ""out of control"" for the situation. I guess I am just not one of those ""mess of tears"" like some pregnant ladies, more just angry lol.
 Well that's all I wanted to say. If there are any bipolar ladies out there, feel free to ask any questions!"
Trying to quit.  Close  3  Posted by  2 months ago  Trying to quit.  I have been a chronic marijuana smoker for many years since I was a teenage. I am 26 now. I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder and psychosis about a year ago and have been undergoing intensive treatment and hospitalization. I stopped smoking weed for about 5 months and I did feel better for a while. But then I moved back home and am in the same routine. Last time I smoked and was I was extra stressed and it made me experience very bad psychosis. It is very scary when this happens. Weed for long time before I was diagnosed, was the only thing I thought made me feel better. But now I realize it is making me feel worse. I wake up in the morning with paralyzing anxiety. I am having very bad crying spells and I think it is making my depression/mood cycles worse.I see a therapist who is helping me a bit with these things, but I have a lot of mistrust in psychiatrists as I have had bad experiences which makes me wary of confiding in them. I just needed to vent here and maybe look for some support. Thanks for listening.
"What is your experience (symptoms) of schizoaffective disorder?  Close  6  Posted by  5 months ago  What is your experience (symptoms) of schizoaffective disorder?  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder for about a year. My prior diagnosis was schizophrenia by a different psychiatrist. I was confused at being diagnosed as schizophrenic because I never hear voices/have delusions I just get frequent low level psychosis which is feeling disoriented, lack of motivation, losing grasp on reality etc.
 My new psychiatrist who initially diagnosed me bipolar 1 is now questioning whether I have schizoaffective.
 How severe do your psychotic symptoms have to be to class you as schizoaffective? It seems I get this weird low level psychosis way too frequently to be bipolar yet I have all the classic bipolar symptoms of alternating mania, depression and terrible mixed episodes (which usually involve some psychotic symptoms).
 Curious what your experience of schizoaffective is?"
"My Dad (40s) Might Be Dealing With Psychosis and Delusions... What Can I (20s) Do?  Close  3  Posted by  2 months ago  My Dad (40s) Might Be Dealing With Psychosis and Delusions... What Can I (20s) Do?  I posted this yesterday In relationship advice and got a couple kind responses but I was hoping maybe you all would have better insight...
 I’m using a very necessary throw away because my father and other family is on reddit, and the details of this story are so specific... so if you’re reading this, I’m sorry Dad I’m just trying to help you.
 Some necessary background information you must know is that I have been diagnosed with Bipolar 1, Intermittent Explosive Disorder, and ADHD. My father, although never officially diagnosed, has always shown many of the same traits I do, and I believe I inherited these disorders from him.
 My father is an artist. He makes his living working in studios and playing shows. He has always had a very large ego on the outside, (maybe even a bit of a god complex?) but he is actually quite insecure on the inside. We didn’t spend much time together as I grew up because he and my mother were separated and we lived in different states. However I think of us as being very close, and I have many similar personality traits, and the same sense of humor, so we have always gotten along well, despite his large absence.
 He has always had a drinking problem that escalated as I grew older. Especially when he felt discouraged from his music... this really went down hill after a huge ordeal that involved our entire family in which he thought he would finally “make it” but it never came to be. This crushed him. The drinking picked up and he gained a lot of weight.
 He has always been somewhat unstable, but he has perfected the craft of making you think he’s got everything under control.
 For 8 years he hid just how horrific his drinking problem was from his family. We knew it was bad but not the extent of it, really. He gained more and more weight until he was at least 400lbs (mostly from alcohol). He stopped working. He stopped wanting to perform due to his embarrassment of his size. He isolated himself entirely and hid his problems away.  He lives with his gf of 15+ years, and she said that even though he was openly drinking throughout the day, lounging on the couch, she would still find little shooters hidden in his dresser... it was bad.
 But he’s also the kind of person to explode when confronted. Even getting mean at times, just to avoid facing what you have said... so we (me, my paternal grandmother, and my dads gf) just sort of gave up. We said “oh ****’s got it under control.”
 Surprise! He didn’t have it under control not one bit.
 It all came to a tipping point last winter when he almost died of liver failure and spent three weeks in the hospital. He survived, lost 150lbs, and quit drinking for good (the doctor said even just one more cup could kill him, still though). He’s not out of the woods but he pretty much made a miraculous turn around, and is back to loving himself.
 Now, I’m so happy that he is sober and present and alive and feeling healthy but the problem is, I think his mental health has suffered and I’m nervous about the things he’s been saying lately...
 After he quit drinking he started to go through very obvious periods of mania and depression. As someone who experiences them myself, I could see it right away. But he didn’t want to admit it... you see, this whole miraculous turn around sort of fed the monster that was his God complex and he just decided it was him. He has always spoken about a belief that he is extraordinary, or not even human, but he has never been so outspoken about it, as he is now.
 He’s been working again, and writing, and playing shows and from the outside he is better than ever... and he is, I truly believe it... but I’m afraid that this untreated bipolar is turning into psychosis.
 Let me mention that he is in therapy right now, but he isn’t an easy patient. After an episode where he nearly harmed someone in anger, during an episode of mania, his PCP spoke with the in office psychiatrist and they gave him a script for seroquel that very same day because of how alarmed they were.. but did he take it? No.
 He said he was afraid that it would disrupt his “connection to God and the heavens” and ruin his ability. I understand the fear of being someone else on medication, but the wording was a little worrisome to me. He then went and convinced his doctors he didn’t need the meds because this episode was triggered from too much caffeine and that he would simply stop drinking so much and be fine.
 He’s usually adamant that nothing is wrong with him. Some days he will admit he thinks he may be bipolar or mention being “manic”, but he is not willing to be treated by anything more than talk therapy. He has been to the psychiatrist once or twice, but I know him, and I believe he will not be honest with her... he is a performer and he will be “acting” the way he thinks he should, or which way might be the most interesting.
 There is little I can do from states away, however I’m becoming more and more alarmed and wondering if maybe I should be doing more. The figurative language he uses, and the things he’s been saying has me worried he’s experiencing delusions.
 He has been, by his own admission, manic for weeks now. He had a concert last night that he described as strange. A drunk man heckled him, and he had a few other strange experiences with people he hadn’t seen in a long time. However the way he described it to me was he believes that the man was a demon sent to him and that he himself as “an agent of the light, and the disciples of the darkness are trying to drag me down” into their dark depths... or something along those lines... it was semi-religious in nature, and he was deathly serious.
 I find that if I don’t go along with what he says, he usually ends the subject or the conversation and doesn’t bring it up again, and so I just agreed and moved the conversation on, even though I was alarmed. The rest of the conversation was normal and he always seems to be “there”, and intelligent and I can never tell if it’s just another way of him performing, for his own grown child...
 This isn’t the first time he’s mentioned things about angels and demons or things of that nature... I guess my question is, what, if anything, should I do?
 Do I talk to him about this? Anytime I do he just denies anything is wrong and will cease to say these things to me for a while. Do I talk to my grandmother? His GF? Am I worried about nothing? Is it just another part of him wanting to feel special or more than others due to his career and people’s response? Or is it more than that maybe?
 I feel like there really isn’t much I can do but I feel like I had to ask. Does anyone have any advice? How should I continue our relationship? How do I support him? Or is it better left untouched? Do I indulge in these delusions to keep him talking to me or do I gently pull him back to reality?? Thank you in advance."
"I Recently Discovered r/nosleep And Absolutely Love It! I’d Like To Come Up With My Own Story To Submit  Close  13  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I Recently Discovered r/nosleep And Absolutely Love It! I’d Like To Come Up With My Own Story To Submit  Sorry if this is not the right subreddit for this type of post. Please point me in the right direction if I’m violating any post guidelines here.
 So I looked up on google some horror writing strategies and techniques. One of the suggestions that particularly resonated with me was basically “choose to write about something that’s actually scary to you”. I also wanted to write about a topic or topics that I already had a basic understanding of or was decently knowledgeable about on the specific topic. I have been diagnosed with bipolar (type 2) disorder. I’ve also been to about 6 behavioral health wards for suicidal ideation and occasionally other reasons as well. I’ve been to 5 different facilities and went to the last facility 2 separate types. I have researched my disorder extensively online, have learned about bipolar from my therapists/counselors/psychiatrists, and been in group therapy with others who had bipolar and shared their personal experiences.
 One of the scariest things I can think of is any kind of mental illness tbh. Another scary situation is voluntarily admitting yourself to a psych ward or behavioral health unit. You’re usually in such a vulnerable state because you opened up about feeling mentally broken/inadequate, admitted that you require an extra level of care in a safe environment, and revealing that you feel you are currently out of control of your own actions or soon will lose control of them. So much can go wrong during a mental health crisis. Thinking you’re in a safe environment at the hospital but discovering this is not your typical hospital or that the doctors may have ulterior motives to helping you sound horrifying to me!
 So I thought this would be a great starting point for my scary story. Now I want my story to feel more creepy/unnerving than to feel scary or terrorize the reader. I want the story to start with some basic information about me (my diagnosis, establish I’ve been to psych wards before, maybe some basic info on what a typical psych ward is like). I then want to explain I’m checking myself into a new behavioral health ward bc of suicidal ideation. It’s not a brand new facility, it’s just new to me. In the story I have no insurance so I select this particular place bc they except patients without insurance (or something like that. Something that establishes I’ve never been here before).
 A couple of ideas I’ve thought of so far. (I’m keeping these ideas vague so I don’t spoil anything when I write the whole thing) I eventually meet my psychiatrist and he begins asking questions that identify very secret or personal things about me personally. Things that I never told anyone ever about. Yet he knows about them. I’m not sure where I could go with this idea from here. I’m sure I’ll think of something but am open to help or suggestions.
 Other things that could happen: the intake nurse makes suggestions that encourage negative coping mechanisms or harmful behaviors.  Other patients potentially threatening violence (I’ve had this happen before and it’s very scary). Another option is all the other patients are basically brain dead or blindly taking all instructions from the staff no matter how bizarre it seems to me personally.
 Obviously it’s still in the brainstorming phase of the process. I’m mostly concerned with if you feel this has some potential to it? Or have too many people already written similar stories? I’ve never written a scary story really before. So any advice you’d give me is appreciated too.
 Much Love, Riot"
"I’ve been dealing with intrusive thoughts for a while now and don’t know where else to go..  Support  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  I’ve been dealing with intrusive thoughts for a while now and don’t know where else to go..  Support  So I want to start off by saying I have never been diagnosed with OCD, I haven’t seen a doctor in about 4 years but have been Diagnosed with Bipolar, ADHD, Generalized Anxiety Disorder and while I was doing therapy toward the end was being looked at for Body Dysmorphic Disorder which I was mostly likely going to be diagnosed with. I have shared some posts on the Bipolar sub in the past very long ago and someone on there said that they had OCD and they believed that based on what I was saying that it was very possible that I did too. I know internet diagnosing and self diagnosing is NOT healthy and I am not claiming to have OCD, but I seem to have a lot of symptoms of the illness and I know OCD is often co morbid with other mental health conditions and is closely related to Body Dysmorphia which is considered an OCD subtype.
 I also know a lot of people with bipolar deal with obsessive thinking and behaviors which I believe is where a lot of my obsession has come from. When dealing with manic and/or mixed episode I would often have very very obsessive thought patterns that would constantly repeat and be loud, they would feel unstoppable and cause me a lot of agitation and aggression. I have dealt with Bipolar from a young age and this would occur but only in manic or mixed episodes from what I remember. I then started developing Body Dysmorphia behaviors and thinking patterns that were very repetitive and obsessive, they caused me to have a lot of anxiety and aggression towards my body and this started occurring detached from episodes but would mostly linger when I was in depressive episodes.
 Then fast forward to a couple years ago I struggled the most I ever had with Body Dysmorphia and had several up and down swings. Eventually I am left where I am now that even during stable periods I deal with intrusive thinking that causes me anxiety. I feel incredibly embarrassed and anxious over my obsessive thoughts because they often conflict with my morality and I’m a very self righteous type of person. I’m very passionate about justice and “doing the right thing” so the intrusive thinking that I have makes me feel like an awful human being and makes me feel disgusted with myself. My thoughts are just that thoughts, they are so ANNOYING because they are thoughts not feelings or beliefs, they just sit and plague my mind and agitate me. I don’t know how to just end the thinking and pull the thoughts out of my head. They just repeat and pop up at the worst times."
"Anybody has PTSD cause symptoms of mania/hypomania?  Close  5  Posted by  19 days ago  Anybody has PTSD cause symptoms of mania/hypomania?  Currently going through a hypomanic episode and apparently would have been diagnosed with bipolar if I didn’t already have PTSD. I was told PTSD can sometimes manifest as mania but never heard about it before.
 Does anybody else have any experience with this?"
"Starting Bispirone (Buspar) for Anixety symptoms  Medication  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  Starting Bispirone (Buspar) for Anixety symptoms  Medication  So I have been diagnosed with bipolar depressive disorder as well as generalised anxiety. My bipolar and mood are now stable after a lengthy hospital admission. Anxiety has become a big problem lately and it is fucking with my day to day functioning.
 I've been on and off a heap of drugs that I couldn't even list. Many different anti depressants, mood stabilisers, amphetamines, benzos, anti psychotics, anti convulsants.. At the moment I'm taking a tricyclic anti depressant, mood stabiliser and an anti convulsant. This combo really works great for me. All other classes of anti-depressants have been complete busts and caused pretty worrying effects.
 Now that my depression is at a good point, my anxiety comes back to kick me in the ass. My psychiatrist will no way put me back on benzo's again because a few years back I abused them. They are the best for anxiety! My physical symptoms were controlled and my performance was amazing. Coming off benzo's was absolute HELL.
 My psychiatrist has suggested me to try Bispirone. I have been looking it up but wanted to see if anyone has any personal experience.
 I live in Australia and this medication is not apart of the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods meaning it cannot be prescribed. Apparently its not a very popular drug in Australia..
 However my psychiatrist is able to contact the US company to authorise the use of the medication in my case.
 So I'm waiting for the approval to give this medication a shot. I don't have high expectations for meds any more because I've had so many duds that didn't do shit and made me feel even worse.
 If anyone had any personal experience with this drug I would love to know :)"
"She pressured us to go. Again.  RANT- Advice Wanted  Close  952  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  She pressured us to go. Again.  RANT- Advice Wanted  Yesterday. I posted about how MIL took husband out for lunch and just ended up trying to guilt him into going to a family reunion this weekend. He said no. We have been saying no for the last TWO MONTHS.
 So WHY did we get a group text from her this morning, saying she hopes we can make time to go?!
 She texted us at 7:30 this morning. That is too early for me to read anything. So I ignored it. Then I heard husband grumbling in the other room.
 I fucking lost it. This shit has to stop. So right after husband left for work. I sent her a private text: "" I think Husband has been gentle but consistent in telling you we are not going to the reunion. It is Nephew's birthday. It is Husband's birthday. We are busy. Please stop pressuring us to go. Also please do not text husband about this while he is at work. That is very stressful for him.""
 I was expecting icy silence. But she actually apologized. ""Sorry for the extra invite. I should have taken no from you the first time. Thanks somebasicho for reminding me I was being too insisting. I am sorry!""
 I just sent her a couple of hearts back.
 It's nice that she apologized but the wording tells me that she knows what she's doing. She knows it's annoying and she does it anyway.
 So now husband and I are in agreement that we need to take a polite but FIRM approach. If you give an inch, she takes a mile.
 Edit: SIL thinks MIL is manic right now.
 Family history: MIL's father had bipolar disorder. Both of my SILs have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. MIL will say that she is afraid she's feeling manic, but she will not talk to her doctor about it. How do I know this? Her doctor has her on some anti depressants (I think Zoloft and Welbutrin). She is not on any kind of bipolar meds. So she's not talking to her doctor about all her symptoms.
 Edit: (When I asked her if she talked about the manic symptoms with her doctor she said no.)
 This is extremely annoying for me. I don't understand why the family ignores her behavior when she gets like this (the controlling behavior and love bombing tend to escalate).
 It would be my inclination to have some kind of sit down where we encourage her to get treatment, but I'm thinking none of her children will support me in that."
"Finding a sense of identity after multiple episodes of psychosis  Close  4  Posted by  3 months ago  Finding a sense of identity after multiple episodes of psychosis  A few years ago, I had a very lengthy episode of untreated severe depression and psychosis, lasting around 11 months. Since then, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and have had many hypomanic and severe depressive episodes. I'm on medication and things finally seem to be settling down but I'm having a really hard time moving forward.
 My life has basically revolved around psychosis and my mood disorder for years at this point and now I can barely recall what I was like as a person before it all. People who knew me back then just tell me I was ""nice"" so it seems I didn't leave a huge impression on anyone.  I just feel very sad and unsettled and I feel like I have no sense of identity or idea of my personality traits, I'm all over the place and nothing I do seems stable or consistent. It feels like I'm faking myself. I'm also constantly stressed that any decisions I make may be influenced by mood/psychosis.
 I try not to think about all this too much because it makes me want to end my life, but I'm finding it really hard to cope.
 Any advice or supportive comments would be appreciated."
"PURGING MY PAST .. trigger warning: (sensitive topics, i.e. child abuse)  Story  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  PURGING MY PAST .. trigger warning: (sensitive topics, i.e. child abuse)  Story  in order to explain my present i feel like i need to share a part of my past, here goes:
 born, raised, brainwashed, conformed, molded and sculpted into the idea  of righteousness. i wish could say the church i was born into was one of  light and love, peace and helping others love themselves as christ loved the church that he gave himself for it, but that's not the case. the  adult i am today is the product of childhood trauma i was raised into.
 from a young age, i understood what i was around wasn't healthy, nor was  it right, but i had no solid facts to back up my case, and in turn i  started to question myself. i began to think maybe it was the devil  working on my spirit trying to cause division in my relationship with  the lord. there was no real outside influence into my life to show me  more to life than what i was living. my life, my truth, and my facts  were what came from the church told us. what they said was final and  solid. being born into that life, even if you question things, it  doesn't really go beyond that, there is a guilt attached to you for even  allowing your mind to go there. my only real outside connection to the  world was going to school and even that was closely monitored and  critiqued.
 it's hard to explain into words how brainwashing happens and more so  harder to explain how it makes you doubt every single part of how your  thought process works. even now at 30, and having been out since i was  about 24. i struggle greatly with trusting myself on my thoughts and  decisions. i am exhausted in my body, mind, and soul. every single part  of me aches and feels it mentally, physically, and emotionally. it's my  identity, it has been since i was a child, i feel like i am trapped in  my past, a part of me i can't let go, even though i have been steadily  trying to cut the umbilical cord since i separated myself from the  church/cult. rationally i know that's not true but i'm not a rational  person, mentally. my head is sick from all the years of abuse i endured  as a child.
 i have absolutely no concept of trusting others, i am so heavily guarded  emotionally that i dont even know how to begin to unlock that door, and  let my husband love me. the rational part of me knows hes a good man,  that he loves me, fully and beautifully. i grew up in chaos, constant chaos, that when i was younger i  use to repeat in my mind over and over ""one day you'll grow up and get  to choose the life you want"" it was how i self soothed. yet here i am  now, an adult, and still living in chaos, not the same kind but chaos  never the less.
 i have this paranoia and fear that everyone is out to get me, use me,  that no one could actually love me for being me. it's not even a fear,  it's a fact, my entire life, since i was a child, men have wanted  something from me, and had no problems taking it from me. my innocence,  my trust, completely breaking down the already broken me. i was raised not just in a cult but around molesters and predators.
 now for my present day:
 i severely battle with my mental health, i have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 with mania, depression, ptsd, generalized anxiety, and borderline personality disorder. it has caused so many complications in my life, and has spilled over into every single crevasse of it (marriage, friendships, working, motherhood, ect) i am short and snappy, constantly tired, it's hard for me to crawl out of bed, or even shower most days. i do bare minimal, not because I'm a lazy person, quite the opposite in fact, i am hard working, determined, and a go getter, but my mental health has stolen that from me. these days, i do what needs done, the most, first, because i literally have no energy for anything else. it has stolen so much from me. who i am, what i believe, and what i want in life.
 i have ceased communication with my family, it's only been a month but it's a start, i am currently selling and packing up the rest of my shit to move 1000 miles away, and starting fresh. i am going to (re)fully commit to EMDR therapy and meds. i've done meds in the past but never stayed on them long enough to make it work. while i'm still battling my mental health, i feel hope for the future, knowing that the main source of my problems are no longer fueling and filling my brain.
 i am forever grateful, to have a husband who has more than loved me through all my bullshit, and trust me when i say it's a lot. the saying is true ""hurt people, hurt people"", and i am an extremely hurt person. i just want to be the best wife and mother i can be.
 TL;DR: over coming childhood trauma and changing my life."
Im new here  Discussion Starter  Close  3  Posted by  4 months ago  Im new here  Discussion Starter  Hey guys! Finally after five years I am back in therapy. I’ve been diagnosed with depression and anxiety since I was 13 years old but finally today I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2. It’s a relief to know the cause of all of my impulsive decisions over the years. I guess I don’t really know what to say in this post but I’d be happy to get some advice for the future.
"Mentally ill people should be sterilised  Close  0  Posted by  4 months ago  Mentally ill people should be sterilised  As in title.
 There are few things worse to a child's growth than a mentally ill parent. } Well this may look totally subjective, as I will speak only from my experience (as I don't know any other people whose parents had untreated mental issues, hell to be honest I don't know anyone irl).
 I will start with describing myself - (M21) I have been diagnosed with bipolar depression, borderline personality disorder, adhd and Semantic-pragmatic disorder -  you could call it a mild case of autism, and used to struggle with paranoid anxiety. My older brother on the other hand has been diagnosed with a highly functioning autism, after I forced him to visit a specialist one year ago.
 On the other hand our parents, or should I say ""people who gave birth to us, and then supported financially"" - it desribes them better, both have totally untreated mental issues. Starting with the female one - she had BPD diagnosed three years ago, always had issues with confidence and anger - something prevalent FOR EVERYONE IN MY CLOSER AND MORE DISTANT "" FAMILY"" from both sides xDD - all of them people totally lack any confidence in themselves, and pass it on to their children, as my cousins apparently (I don't have any contact with my family - I hate all of them too much) have those problems too. Getting back to the topic she would frequently have bursts of anger shouting at me and my brother, calling us names, sometimes, especially when we were younger beating or scratching us. The male one is a totally sick person, the worst kind there is. In work, and before associates he puts on a mask of a loving and caring person, always willing to help, used to be active in charities... While in home on other hand he's total scum. He is a partial invalid - having lost most of neural connections in his right hand, and has injured spine, after a car crash during his university times, before he met the female. He is an alcoholic - he tried going sober, attend AA's, specialist but came back to drinking every time. While he was in mental assylum he was diagnosed with depression, but my therapist and I think he's got bipolar just like me, as he has moments when he's totally full of himself, thinking he's someone - just like I have. When we were younger our parents were arguing every single day. The male would frequently get violently drunk beating the female, me or brother, call us names. Worst thing is that this POS female couldn't just fking divorce him - as BOTH OF THEM ARE PATHOLOGICAL HYPOCRITIC CATHOLICS AND RELIGION FORBIDS DIVORCES... Appearently it doesn't forbid making literal hell out of your offsprings life. Every single time they forced me and brother to go on a trip - mostly to other cities , as we are rather poor - they would use this as an argument for our  underestimation of their efforts ... Being silent about terrorising us into going, and shouting at us. I got my SPD and adhd diagnosed early, after I broke hand of one of my bullies - thing I don't regret, even though I got beat up so heavily after, that my upper jaw is pernamently deformed and had to have one of my balls removed to avoid sepsis. Do you know how they reacted to this??? They just shrugged their shoulders, and while they were angry at those bullies (who were intouchable as one of them had a very influential father), they think that I am just a little too much active, thinking that neither adhd nor spd are a big deal. The female didn't think that it's weird for a child to not have ANY friends, after all she didn't have any either. At first they cared about my grades, but they quickly realised that no matter how much I study I have a big difficulty in remembering things so they basically gave up on me. The only time when they concerned themselves with my grades, was when I nearly had to repeat a year in high school (I was 18 then, so legally could be thrown out). You know what they did? They kicked me out of the house, or should I say he did, as she was having hard times with her brain tumor, and ""I WAS A UNGRATEFUL SPOILED CHILD WHO DIDN'T CARE ABOUT HIS MOTHER'S FATE"" ... Well they never could see my depression, my loneliness, even going as far as giving me a pseudo-punishment after my 1st suicide attempt (at age 10, being suicidal as early as age 8)- namely taking the only thing I cared about - computer - away from me. They didn't even know about my countless other attempts - as I was quite smart with them - only attempted to do so, when I was left alone for a longer period of time then, just in case I unfortunately survived. What did they say when my tongue slipped once and confessed of those attempts, when talking why I lost one of my jobs? THAT I NEVER TOLD THEM WHAT I WAS GOING THROUGH ... I don't know if you have the knowledge, but we, people with adhd are rather the loud type, people who are even too vocal about their problems, kinda dawdlers. APPARENTLY I DIDN'T CRY EVERY DAY SINCE I WAS LIKE 7, I DIDN'T PUNCH AND HEADBUTT THE WALL TILL I WAS BLEEDING, I WASN'T SCARED OF GOING TO SCHOOL AND HAD TO BE FORCIBLY BROUGHT THERE, I DIDN'T GIVE UP ON KARATE BECAUSE I WAS BULLIED etc. Last year I dropped out of university not even lasting half a year there - I was too depressed to even wake up, spending most of my days asleep. Well at least they paid for my accomodation - though I had to earn my fill and etc by myself - not a bad deal. But now I unfortunately had to get back to their flat. Male is still getting wasted 3-4 times a week, especially now when his mother finally died. They still argue, but less now, like only 2-3 times a week. I work for the minimal polish wage, don't have any savings as private therapy and medicine cost a lot, and have to pay for my food , but kinda ducked up yesterday. Why? I came back home pretty angry at my coworkers, only to find them arguing. OF COURSE THEY FKIN HAD TO INCLUDE ME IN THEIR ARGUE... So I burst up telling them I don't consider them my parents, that they are fking POS etc. I don't regret saying that. Just... Guess who has to move out till  the end of the week, having literally no friends he could live with, no family either, with savings only enough to pay the rent for one month if I'm lucky? Maybe my brother will lend me some money, though I don't have too much of a good relation with him..."
"Tripping as you get older.  Close  77  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Tripping as you get older.  Just a quick observation and something I wanna put out there. I'm almost forty one. My question is this. Does tripping become harder as you age? What I mean is when I was in my late teens early twenties tripping was fun. Now if I trip out, it gets all very introspective, I start to dwell on past failures and fear the future. Now, two things could be going on here. First I have been diagnosed with bipolar cyclothymia and take meds for that. Particularly, Lamotrigine, Aripiprazole and Mirtazapine with Diazepam as needed. 
 However what I think is more likely is that the older you get the more life experience you have and with that responsibility. I have kids, been divorced and find work hard and stressful. Leading to anxiety and self doubt and depression. As well as a good dose hypomania from time to time. Due to this I don't trip anymore. The only exception to that would be, a bucket list item of wanting to try smoked DMT before I move on from this world. 
 All that aside, do others find tripping harder the older you get? Or is this just me?"
"i just spoke to my father who’s currently in a manic episode and committed. i wanted to share something with you guys  General  Close  430  Posted by  2 months ago  i just spoke to my father who’s currently in a manic episode and committed. i wanted to share something with you guys  General  i (23f) just got off my fifth phone call of the day with my dad who’s on day two of his stay in the hospital for his mania. i have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 and my father was diagnosed with bipolar 1 when he was 20. he’s angry... he’s so so angry. angry that i made the welfare call to the police and angry at his siblings my aunts and uncles for “coming after him”. it’s ironic because i haven’t slept and currently feel hypomanic just with stress and worry. my heart aches hearing the man i call my best friend sound like a completely different person when he is sick.
 even though he’s so angry i still got him to laugh on one of the phone calls to try and slow him down a little. that’s my best friend. my whole world. i wouldn’t trade him for the world. fuck a “normal” dad i have my dad so i win. i know we see ourselves as hard to love or maybe even impossible to love because of our illness... after my last phone call i just sat here thinking about how i hope he knows he is so loved and that we arent out to get him. it just made me want to tell you guys to remind yourselves that someone fucking loves you and would be a wreck if you weren’t on this planet."
"I need help **TRIGGER WARNING**  Caution - Suicidal Thoughts  Close  2  Posted by  5 months ago  I need help **TRIGGER WARNING**  Caution - Suicidal Thoughts  I’ve been taking oxcarbazepine for about a month and I thought I was doing much MUCH better because I haven’t genuinely contemplated suicide in a while, I started going to the gym, and I’ve been on a more regular sleep schedule. But lately I’ve been under stress caused by fighting with my dad and I’ve been feeling pretty worthless and depressed for a few days now. I’ve been crying for no reason again, getting really angry out of nowhere, and today I began having very alarming thoughts again.
 While driving today, I had thoughts about taking my seat belt off and causing a wreck on purpose or just trying to drive into something at a high speed to cause myself to wreck. Obviously that was alarming to me and I didn’t do it and would never want to put other people in danger.
 I also used to cut and I’ve been kind of afraid of shaving for a while because I’m just scared to accidentally knick myself and see the blood so I haven’t shaved in about 2 months. I put shorts on when I got home and seeing my leg hair made me kind of self conscious and for some reason I had an imagine pop into my head of myself using a potato peeler on my legs like a razor and peeing my skin away. This was really disturbing and I’ve had these thoughts before.
 I have an appointment with my psychiatrist on Friday this week and I’m almost scared to bring it up to him because I feel like these thoughts would definitely get me sent to the hospital and I’m terrified of being admitted. What should I do? Should I keep it to myself irl or should I tell someone? I haven’t harmed myself and I haven’t made a plan to but I keep having these bad thoughts..
 Edit: for backstory I have been diagnosed with bipolar type 2, OCPD, generalized anxiety disorder, and PTSD. I’m 20 years old and I live with my dad still and that’s why us fighting is so stressful to me bc I still see him face to face every day"
Weed whilst being bipolar  Drug Use  Close  5  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Weed whilst being bipolar  Drug Use  What can weed do whilst you have been diagnosed with bipolar?
"Mixed episode  Sexual Abuse Trigger Warning  Close  3  Posted by  5 months ago  Mixed episode  Sexual Abuse Trigger Warning  Hey, all. I'm 35 and have been diagnosed with bipolar 1, PTSD, and acute anxiety disorder.
 To clarify before I begin...I was sexually assaulted as a child; once, not repetitively. I've learned to push that memory down so that I can survive.
 Last night at work, a male coworker touched my shoulder and rubbed it while saying something sexual (I don't even remember what he said now, I just saw red). I told him that we've had the conversation before, that him asking me for sexual favors or for to allow him to perform sexual favors for me wasn't acceptable, and that I was serious. He laughed like it was all going to just disappear, but I screamed, ""DO YOU SEE MY FACE? DOES IT LOOK LIKE I'M LAUGHING?"" His expression went from joking and laughing to more of an ""Oh, shit, I fucked up"" face, and he walked away. I asked to speak to my boss, and he asked what was wrong. I told him that I'd been sexually harrassed, touched, by (insert this shitbag coworker's name here; I can't even type it right now). He found said coworker, said something to him, and coworker grabbed his belongings and left the building. I was asked to come to the office, where the aforementioned boss and one of his assistants asked what happened. I told him, and said that this wasn't the first time I've felt uncomfortable because of this guy, but that it had only been verbal up until that point. He said that if I wanted to go home, that would be ok. I gathered my things and stopped back by the office to make sure nothing more was needed of me and I was told to go home and to come back for my shift tomorrow at the normal time.
 I left work and went to the liquor store across the street. I bought a fifth of cognac, a 2-liter of Coke, and a bag of ice. I don't really drink any more (fuck you, gout), so 2 weak drinks had me feeling sloppy, but numb enough to calm down. That was hours ago, and I can't stop thinking now that I've sobered up. The aforementioned boss has supposedly been previously fired from our company or another due to sexual harassment, so I don't feel confident that he'll handle this situation properly. Since my job involves being almost constantly recorded on video, there will be proof because boss doesn't have access to delete anything. Unless he's well-connected enough to make the footage disappear, I should have evidence.
 All I can think about is how it all happened. My best friend works with me, and we'd just discussed this guy and his pervy, bisexual ways last night. Then this shit happened. My friend said, after offensive coworker left, that he was surprised and proud of me for not beating the perv's ass or worse, which he said he expected. I told him, for the first time, that I was raped as a child, and his jaw dropped. I told him that how all that went down brought back a lot of shit I've held down for years and that I'm not ok. He said to call him if I needed him, and that he'd swing by after work if I wanted him to. I told him that I appreciated it, but that I was going home to drink and hide from the world. I then left, bought the alcohol, and went home to drink it.
 I watched some YouTube videos with my son, and we laughed and the cognac calmed me down enough to not break down into a crying fit until he went to bed. I cried until I couldn't any more, and then I smoked a little weed. I can't stop replaying the scenario in my head, and I can't get the feeling of his hand off my shoulder. I want to burn the shirt I was wearing just to see it go away, but I know that won't really help. If I could cut that skin off my body, I would, but I know better. If I could go back in time, I'd have called out of work today, like I thought about doing when I woke up, but I can't.
 Because of my nature, my first thought when considering what's going to happen next was this coworker's son. First off, is this how he'd want his son to be treated? Secondly, will his son be taken away if this all goes badly for him? Then I felt regret for even saying anything, but I realized that if I hadn't said anything, he'd just keep doing that type of shit over and over, and that his next victim might've actually responded much worse than I did. I guess the Army taught me how to remain professional, especially under tense situations. I could've proverbially pulled the trigger on this man, but my training kicked in and I took an extra second to think before reacting.
 I'm 75% sure that the offender was fired last night, but I know that if I see him tomorrow, I'm going to tell my boss that I'm going home to find a lawyer to take a sexual harassment lawsuit against everyone involved and the corporation for which we work. I already feel like going back to the area where it happened, which is 100% unavoidable, will trigger me into a crying fit or a fit of rage. I might call out if I can't go to sleep (my biggest concern right now as that'll begin the spiral into mania), but the adult in me keeps telling myself to push on and be tough for the sake of the paycheck and normality.
 I don't know how to feel, everything except happiness is hitting me right now. I definitely feel like drinking until I pass out, but I know better.
 If anyone has anything to say that'll help me pick myself up out of the mud and find direction to keep going, I'd appreciate it. I know that I'm not alone in the types of experiences I've lived through, and that typing all this out is probably for the best, but I just want to crawl into a hole to drink, smoke, and sleep until I die. I have Sunday off, when I have a cannabis delivery coming, and then a new Rick and Morty is on later that night. I'll inevitably smoke myself stupid as soon as I get my meds, but then I'll kick myself in the ass for the quantity I used, and then reconsider because at least I didn't drink or use worse chemicals to numb myself. See what I mean? I'm not predicting the future here, but I know how I act and react and my brain feels like it's just spinning like a bald tire on snowy pavement. Now that I'm totally out of weed, I'm afraid that I won't get to sleep at all, and that truly worries me that I'll go off the rails over the next month. I wish I could just get some sleep, really, and I'll work on the rest tomorrow.
 I'm sorry if this brings you down, reader(s), but thanks for reading. I kinda feel a notch better now that I've written it all down and it'll serve as a reference for the sexual harassment claim I'm going to file.
 TL;DR~ A coworker sexually harrassed me at work last night and it's made me feel everything but good. I don't know how to bounce back without chemicals and sleep, but I want to feel ok again and to go back to working and living my life.
 PS: The anniversary of the cause of my PTSD, my friend's death, is the 30th of this month. I was just trying to hold myself together so that I could take the 30th through the 1st off to be away from the world, but now I wish I could just tell my boss that I can't come to work until after the new year. Fuck, I'm tired of worrying about the future! At least I'll have some weed on Sunday, and that'll calm me and make me want to eat and sleep, so I might be ok once Monday comes (and I'm off of work that day, too). I know I'm going to be ok eventually, at least enough so to be functional again, but I feel like shit right now."
"One year ago today  Close  27  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  One year ago today  One year ago today I(27f) was checking out of a behavior health center after a 5 day stay. It wasn’t the first time I’d been in the last 3 years. I have struggled with anxiety, depression, suicide attempts, addiction, anger, resentment, hating myself. I have been diagnosed with bipolar II, severe depression. I constantly wished I could change. I am from a small rural town with extremely conservative views. I was with a man for 7 years and he was safe. I felt safe. I admit I was miserable but I had a home and money and my pets. I lived to what I thought were everyone’s expectations of me. As the years went on I began to get more and more fed up with being this awful human being who was always mad and hateful. At. Everything. Today one year ago I finally excepted myself for who I and and I came out to my boyfriend at the time. It was so hard. I cried so for so long. I felt horrible at first. I felt selfish but it was time for me to live for me. He moved out once our lease was up. It was scary at first but I have made it work and I have NEVER been happier. Like I seriously cannot remember a time when I was this happy without drugs. It’s amazing. I love it. I love myself. I love being a lesbian. My entire life I could have felt this way if I just would have been honest with myself.
 Ps. Sorry for the bad writing. It’s not my best asset."
"Do bad smells, such as rotting food worsen cramps?  Pain Lvl 4-6  Close  1  Posted by    User Not Verified    4 months ago  Do bad smells, such as rotting food worsen cramps?  Pain Lvl 4-6  I'm  20 Female 5'3 170ish I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, anxiety, depression, mild ptsd. I take birth control
 Occassional marijuana use.
 I was cleaning out the fridge today of all the spoiled thanksgiving leftovers and my cramps went from mildly annoying to almost unbearable once i smelled the rotten foods. I've never really exprienced it until today is it just a thing with periods? If so then I'll just take some midol thank you in advance for your answers. 💖"
"What are some signs of addiction to Warcraft?  Close  18  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  What are some signs of addiction to Warcraft?  I hadn't played world of Warcraft in years, but with the launch of Classic, I decided to get back into it thinking I would only play for a month or two. Maybe get me through the winter months.
 I have only been playing for a week or so now but I do play everyday.  I don't play nearly as much as I used to when I played before and always try to play in moderation. I don't neglect friends, sleep or work just to get more game time.
 I did start noticing some behavioral changes lining up with my return to WoW. I have been irritable pretty much nonstop. Easily annoyed, frustrated, quick to anger, etc. Also, I find when I'm not play, I generally don't know what to do with myself, which, frustrates me further.
 Also, I have noticed that, even though I make sure I get 8 hours of sleep every day, I wake up exhausted.
 I don't think about the game all the time, I don't spend 8+ hours a day playing, I always get off to spend time with my wife and dog every day. But I worry that returning to WoW has somehow changed my mood.
 I should note, that I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 disorder and potentially schizophrenia. I worked with a psychiatrist to help me over come my depression through better living and exercise to avoid antipsychotics. I still have bad days and dark times, but they don't seem to stick around like this one has.
 Am I addicted or am I crazy? (That is, outside of my usual craziness.)"
I have hallucinations ama  Close  4  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I have hallucinations ama  I have been diagnosed with bipolar with psychotic features, manic depression, anxiety, and slight psychopathic tendencies. I've had auditory and visual hallucinations since I was a small child. Ask me anything.
How have you been able to overcome your depression?  Close  4  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  How have you been able to overcome your depression?  I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder ii - or manic depression - a year ago but I'm pretty sure I've been depressed since 5th grade, over a decade ago. I tried therapy on-and-off all throughout childhood until high school and it help as my therapist was ass (her claiming it was hormones and me growing up, etc.). In college, I started going to the student counseling services, and ran out of sessions (because my school as a limit???). Got recommended to a therapist in the area went for a couple months, ran out of money, stopped going. Started antidepressants and it feels like with everyone new pill I take, I fold deeper into myself. A friend has been trying to get me to try 'alternative methods' to treat my depression and anxiety, but he's specifically talking about weed. What other than medications have y'all tried and worked?
So overwhelmed  Suicide  Close  3  Posted by  5 months ago  So overwhelmed  Suicide  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2, OCD, personality disorder, PTSD and severe anxiety. Lately I’ve been okay with starting medicine, but tonight has been so hard. The suicidial thoughts and guilt are overwhelming my head. I’m so low right now that I’m not sure oh to get through this. My emotions are so strong and then there’s rage. Does anyone have any suggestions?
Question 4 yall  Close  3  Posted by  28 days ago  Question 4 yall  Does anyone know any celebrities  who have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.  Just wondering...
"Having a hard time with this diagnosis  Close  3  Posted by  4 months ago  Having a hard time with this diagnosis  After a hospitalization for suicidal thoughts with a plan, I have been diagnosed with bipolar, type 1 I believe. I’m currently in a partial hospitalization program (basically all day group therapy, similar to when I was inpatient, but I get to sleep at home!)
 This is a serious diagnosis. It’s weighing heavily on me. I hope that we can my meds figured out soon so that it doesn’t all feel like such a fight. Will it always feel like I’m fighting my mind?? Support and encouragement would be greatly appreciated.
 I always kind of had an idea that I might have bipolar but getting the confirmation this week has just been tough. Doesn’t help either that I’m also struggling with some bad insomnia right now....  sigh  :(
 Thanks for reading."
"I hate my kids, and resent my wife because of them.  Close  85  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I hate my kids, and resent my wife because of them.  I never wanted kids. Never saw myself as a family man. I now have 3 kids. They are all amazing. I hate them more than anything.
 I hate being needed. I hate the whining. I hate how they have ruined my life. I hate how I can’t do the things I want to do because they exist.
 I also resent my wife for making me choose between losing her or having kids. She gave me an ultimatum, and I’ve realized I made the wrong choice.
 I don’t hate children in general. And if other people want to have kids, more power to them. But I feel like this is the biggest mistake I’ve ever made. The stress is so bad that I was put on a 72 hour suicide watch at the hospital. I would rather kill my self than continue down this road.
 But I’m trapped. I had these kids. I made this terrible decision. So now I have to do my best to be an amazing dad for them. And I do my best. Just because I hate them, it doesn’t mean they deserve a shitty life. I get no good emotion from being a father. Hearing them laugh, or tell me they love me does nothing for me. If my wife and kids died in a fiery car wreck, I doubt I’d even cry.
 I want to leave, but they don’t deserve a broken home. And by the time they are 18, the economy will probably be so collapsed that it will be normal for several generations of family to live under one roof, and I’ll be trapped. I want to leave them, but I was raised better. And anytime I start to put my escape into motion, I feel guilty. Not sad. Guilty.
 I know I’m a terrible person. I know this makes me an asshole. But I needed to get this off my chest.
 EDIT: It keeps coming up, so I’ll put the catch all here. I have been diagnosed with Bipolar and Anxiety.I have medication for the bipolar, which I take as prescribed. I also currently attend therapy. All of this is what gave me the clarity to understand my feelings about this."
"I’m really struggling with suicidal thoughts and nothing is helping  Suicide  Close  43  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I’m really struggling with suicidal thoughts and nothing is helping  Suicide  I’m 19F and I have been diagnosed with bipolar type one. I have been constantly suicidal since February and it’s so completely exhausting. I am trying so hard, taking vitamins every day, going outside to get sunlight, trying to play with pets and play instruments and spend time with friends and family, but nothing is working. It doesn’t help that sometimes I get obsessive thoughts and fixate on ways to die. I keep getting upset for the dumbest reasons and even though I know I have friends and family that care about me I just can’t curb this.
 I’m just really scared rn and I would appreciate some positive vibes sent my way"
"Is this a Depressive episode? Too much stress?? Vegetarianism?? I don't know please help  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   4 months ago  Is this a Depressive episode? Too much stress?? Vegetarianism?? I don't know please help  Disclaimer: So I can't go to a doctor because I have an extreme fear of needles and I probably need to get a shot (that shot that vaccinates against that STD that causes cervical cancer). I really need to go but my mom won't take me because she can't deal with me if I do need to get a shot but I need her to come because I'm a minor. BTW I know that low-key makes her a shit mother.
 This is what's happening to me. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and ADD since I was young but am not on medication for both because I don't like the effects they have on me. Whenever I'm on a break from school or the weekend I completely shut down. I lay in bed all day and do absolutely nothing. Like I literally just lay there. I don't clean, watch TV, or do my homework. At first I thought it was a depressive episode  or something but when school starts back up I'm better, I'm a normal human but when I don't have anything to do I don't. I mean I could be doing stuff I just can't bring myself to do it. I just lay there tired but I don't sleep.
 I thought maybe I was anemic because I was vegetarian for 2 years so I bought some iron pills and started eating white meat again. And I'm still like this it's been going on since summer. Could It be from stress? I'm a 4.0 student and work really hard during the week.
 Also something that started happening recently is that I have really bad shakiness while just laying here. It's kinda like the muscle fatigue you get while working out. It's just everywhere for no reason. Like rn I'm laying down typing this and my arm and one of my legs is shaking. It's taking forever to type this. I just don't know what's happening???? Please help I think I'm sick
 17, 5'1 160 female"
"I’m Slowing Descending Into Madness  Close  3  Posted by  4 months ago  I’m Slowing Descending Into Madness  Hello,
 So I have been diagnosed with Bipolar I, Anorexia, and Anxiety. But I genuinely am worried that I am a psychopath.
 I’ve had a normal childhood but an abusive and drug-fueled adolescents. I’m clean and better and have been for years but I’ve been noticing something completely fucked up happening.
 It started with the spooky side of youtube. Watching videos about murderers and the gruesome side of the dark web. Then I started watching LiveLeak and feeling strangely...giddy and yet still sickened.
 I started having homocidal thoughts. Which I had NEVER had before. And now I have the intense urge to hurt my boyfriend’s stupid cat. I could never kill anything! But what is wrong with my brain??? Please Help."
"I go back to school on Tuesday, and I'm sick to my stomach  Close  20  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  I go back to school on Tuesday, and I'm sick to my stomach  This is my first post here. I am going into my senior year of high school, and I am extremely nervous about it. I have struggled with a severe stutter since I was in 5th grade. I was in speech therapy from ages 3-5 since I was born premature and didn't start speaking until much later than my peers. But that's about it as far as treatment goes.
 I am especially nervous about the first day, because that's when we have to introduce ourselves, and as many with a stutter know, having to saying your name can seem impossible at times.
 I don't know if this will be helpful, but I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2, as well as anxiety and am getting treated for them. I suffer from all three types of stuttering (repeating parts of words, elongating beginnings of words, and word blocks). However I suffer from word blocks most often.
 I start school on August 12 and I am extremely nervous. I have had nightmares about school almost every night this summer. My 1st hour class is advanced English. We have to present in in that class very often, and to make matters worse, most of the students in the advanced classes are kids I went to elementary school with.
 I am at a loss for what to do here. I am considering riding the bus to school and then making a run for it when I get off the bus. I was about to to it 4th quarter last year, but I didn't want to get in trouble for truancy. To be honest, I could care less about truancy at this point.
 I am at the end of my rope. Any advice or personal stories would mean the world to me. Thank you for taking the time to read this and have a good day"
"I feel like I’ve fucked up my last chance to get my life together  Close  7  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  I feel like I’ve fucked up my last chance to get my life together  Hey guys. So first of all I’ve got a whole triple threat type of deal going on. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression AND anxiety. Which I can usual manage pretty well with medication and occasional therapy. I’m proud of how far I’ve come from being on suicide watch several times in my early teens. But today I truly truly feel like I’ve messed up. I’m a 20year old freshman in college. I’m already way behind on the social scale from that fact alone. I’ve been missing class for the past three or so weeks and my anxiety just continues to build about returning to my courses. I have extreme fears of being ridiculed for lack of attendance and that keeps me from going.
 Today was going to be my morning. I already had emailed my professors about any possibility of making up work and material. They were all pretty understanding about the whole thing. I even went to the disability office to receive accommodations and proof of my problem for said professors. I was going to go back to school this morning. I set all my alarms for my 9am class and tried to go to bed before 4am. And here I am. I just woke up. It’s 8:30. I don’t have time to make it to my 9am class. I just feel so defeated and mad at myself for my stupidity. My alarms didn’t go off. I didn’t wake up on time. I overslept my most important class.  I don’t know what to do at this point. This is my last chance to go to college and NOT drop out for the third time. I feel like such a failure all around. Everyone in my family has gone, not ONLY to college, but to Graduate school and beyond. I wish there was a way to fully fix myself but there isn’t. So now I’m just laying in my bed, half dressed and I have this huge lump in my throat because I know I’ve failed not only my family, but myself and my dreams. If all was right I would only have a year of class left, but it’s not all good and I’m still looking at 5 years of schooling if I can ever learn how to deal with my problems properly. I just want to get my degree like a normal college kid. I don’t want to lie on my bed at 8:35am and sob because I’ve failed myself.
 And several people have told me to change my major, it’s not that. I’ve had different majors before and the same situation has happened. I love my classes and the material I learn. I just hate myself."
Medication  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Medication  For those of you that have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder in mid 20s or so, how many years since have you been taking medication? I’m just wondering if this disorder means taking medication forever.
"I found out my grandmother never really wanted my two sisters and I. She has dementia now and I can’t really confront her.  Close  5  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I found out my grandmother never really wanted my two sisters and I. She has dementia now and I can’t really confront her.  I was adopted by my Maternal grandparents. The whole thing (my childhood) was a 4/10 at best. I mean, we went on vacations, to theme parks, lived in the same house my whole life, never wanted for anything. I’d guess lower middle class. I had no concept really because finances weren’t for children and I was not allowed to touch “his mail”.  At one point my grandfather got a second job delivering pizza. Naive me was just pleased with left overs on a nightly basis. I’m still ashamed today that I didn’t recognize the struggle they must have had at that time.
 In 5th grade I interviewed my grandpa for a “senior citizen” project for English. One question was “what’s one thing you’d take back if you could?” And his answer was “having children so I would have to deal with y’all” (my sisters and I)
 Other memorable highlights were me staying awake waiting for my grandfather to go to sleep, I’d listen for his footsteps down the hall. I’d call out and say “I love you papa”. He never responded although I know he heard me. I don’t think he told me he loved me out loud until I was in my twenties.
 You know what he did say out loud, and very often? That he never should have adopted us. That we were a waste of their money. We would end up like our mom (still says it about my older sister, and which she has, also will still say it to me and my younger sister if he gets mad at us).
 My grandma, well she spent time with us. Made inside toys and art projects for when it rained. But I guess she was just doing what she had to do while pop worked. She never really said I love you to us either. We were raised to stay outside till dark (the street light came on we had to be home) and to always be in range of her whistle in case she needed us. Once, it was very cold and I didn’t want to be outside but I had to go anyways so I tucked myself into my hoody and sat on the porch until they let us in. Except I fell asleep and eventually they called the cops because I didn’t come home to the whistle (literally sitting in a chair under the doorbell).
 The cops came to our house a lot. My drunk uncles fighting. My older sister being defiant, older sister hurting me. My drunk uncle once called because my (g)parents were gone and he was in charge but we never took him seriously As he sat in his chair smoking weed and drinking himself unconscious. The cops sympathized with us and told us to stay in our rooms.
 A few years ago my grandmas health started to decline, after a few strokes and a (psychotic break?) she never really came back. Was just a shell of the woman I loved. I never learned to cook her foods. I feel like I took her for granted and I hate myself so much for not loving her more. I was kicked out my senior year in high school so I haven’t lived with them in 11 years. I could have spent more time there but generally we get along better when we are apart.
 Today, I went over to sell my uncle a gold chain. (I buy and sell things as a hobby and uncle still lives at home but has been sober for years and I’m very proud of him). Grandma came and was poking her nose around and I asked if she wanted a new necklace. She has a heirloom gold cross she wears daily but until now it was hung with a sterling chain. So I swapped hers with a shiny new one and she moseyed on back to the couch. (She really only naps and watches tv, we treat her for the most part like a handicap child)
 My younger sister, my grandfather and I were left in the kitchen talking about heirlooms and they started talking about my parents death. How pop wants to be cremated but wants grandma buried. My sister is overly dramatic and says “I don’t want y’all apart”. I interjected with “they won’t be apart they’re both going to hell! “ as a joke. It was read by both of them as a joke and then they laughed. My grandpa said “maybe me but idk about her” I said I do, I remember many happy meals she said I couldn’t have! And with the look of the deepest regret and remorse my grandfather said “I made her raise 3 kids she didn’t want”. I could see the pain in his face.
 I said “yeah, yeah yeah I know. Neither one of y’all wanted us.” He said “no, I didn’t want y’all separated (at the time we were in 3 different foster placements across the states) she didn’t want y’all but I made her, If I had known what I know now I would have only kept y’all two”
 But like, she’s got the mind of a child. I’m not even sure she really knows who I am. I don’t even know if any of her memories are there. I can’t confront her. I can’t ask her if I did right by her. If she continued to  regret it.  I never once suspected it but I guess I was naive in a lot of ways. My grandma was submissive in a lot of ways. Suffered greatly from bipolar, we all knew that she had burned her house down while pop was away in the navy. He had a hunch from the tone in her voice. He drove all night stopping at pay phones and she eventually quit answering and when he arrived, there was nothing where his house once stood but rubble. She was put on lithium after the incident, and was on lithium until her strokes where they found her body wasn’t breaking it down anymore. They took her off of it and her other meds. She had some sort of psychotic break and now she is the result of that.
 and then for a while while I was in elementary, alcoholism. I’d come off the school bus and see her face and know whether or not it was going to be a goodnight. Whether or not we were getting whooped.
 I too, have been diagnosed with bipolar. And struggle with wanting children. Because I have pets, and I love them dearly but when I’m in a mood and they’re bothering me, I want to karate kick them into another room. I don’t do it, but still. I don’t want / can’t do that to a child. Knowing someone who was that sick, or more so was forced to do what I’m terrified of, I wonder if she just resented her entire existence. And I’ll never know.
 I’m sorry this was long. And out of order. I just needed to vent."
I finally felt alive today!  Close  3  Posted by  5 months ago  I finally felt alive today!  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 (more depressed than manic) and with Borderline personality disorder and that can make it very difficult to maintain any kind of happy state for any period of time. However, this morning I drove to work in the middle of a blizzard and the rush I got from driving on dangerous roads was so vibrant that I couldn't help but start laughing and smiling ear to ear. it was incredible! All because of the rush I got from a scary drive to work. I've been dead inside for so long, so feeling that really changed a lot for me. I might become an adrenaline junky now lol.
"When do I tell the person that I'm dating that I have been diagnosed with bipolar?  Close  6  Posted by   Bipolar NOS   4 years ago  Archived  When do I tell the person that I'm dating that I have been diagnosed with bipolar?  I've had this flirty thing going on with this guy for about a month. Yesterday we went on an actual date though. He's a really sweet person, and very intelligent. He's the sort of person that makes me want to be better, and is in no way a negative influence. Only words of encouragement. I'm just wondering when y'all think is the right time to tell him about my mental illness. I'm the most stable that I've ever been, but there are times that I still struggle. I don't want to scare him off, but I feel the need to be honest.
 UPDATE: So I told him while we were having a heart-to-heart. He was sharing personal information with me about his background and it seemed like the perfect time to let him know about how I grew up (struggling with this illness). He's been checking in with me and making sure I'm okay. He's done research online about it, so it seems, because he's been bringing things up that I've never told him. He's extremely nice about it and even brought up that it might be good for us to talk to my therapist together. I don't necessarily want this right away, but his support is undying. Things are great, there are good people in the world :D"
"Bipolar Dis-Diagnosis  Psychology  Close  4  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Bipolar Dis-Diagnosis  Psychology  Good day, sir Peterson. I know you are a busy man. However, it is so I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder 6 years (times/days in biblical symbology). I require not to be medicated no more, I do not feel I am ill or was ill. Only distressed for putting my family's desires before the seated of mine own. I loth my job now that I have awakened from my selflessness. I only want to be as Abram, who became Abraham in the sight of Yahweh.
 However, it's hard for people to reason out the intellectual knowledge I have written in the Hebrew Shakespearean format. It's difficult to convey concepts to people that are vague, seeming illogical to the normal people. I would ask for advice at least; I studied the Bible and found certain answers that help me to cope with this alleged condition. And that is that we have a choice. But what happens to a 16-year-old who made a choice to love a 19-year-old and wishes not to change. Regardless of circumstances? That's what I did. I can't put her away from me.
 But for reason of this bond, I found her and GOD. I love them both. And the world also. The book I have written is a testimony to all men and women and child, animal and things that GOD is in control. But this material is somewhat perplexing to the normal intellectual of high stature. Liken how I cannot understand Dr. Craig's concept of the nihilism of transcendence. Meaning timeless-space less-immaterial GOD. That is abominable to me. GOD fills all heaven and earth Hosea 23:24; that sounds like HE is space to me.
 Anyway. I require a council. The meds don't work. I took them just a while ago and I still not resting. I am a tireless mind with a tired body. The meds are simply a placebo to sleep. It does not fix the issue. That is the book concerning my loved one, the girl; our people in Babylonian bondage by Roman I fluences though the agent of chaos and our people's duty to live moral as you rightly wrote of.
 What can you do for me, sir Pearson; I am humbly asking?  I need to reason through the connections I made. Eg: this is a portion of my writing. It is still a little rough. Working on it for 3y 1m 15d like the 19-year-old girl I wrote it for if you add all the numeric digits.
 Plato stablished the framework for a spirits of Spirit. Aristotle fused the spirit with reality; thus made known the Living Wind, the Ruach Hakodesh. He encompasses all realties of reality, all flesh and all flesh of thought of quantum computing in thy cranium that is thy brain. My meaning is thy mind also is an extension of reality. Reality is that which gives meaning to the heart, the faith been thine ears in thine head and the wisdom which abounds from it by GOD and known, which Job uttered. In like manner, it is written: GOD formed man from the dust of the ground and breathed the breath of life into his nostrils, then became him a living soul. Peradventure, I, Aundray Aundrayous Alexander Dawson say, hmmm peradventure he, Aristotle reasoned this and lived by it, yea even struggling not to give over his ghost to Satan from Plato. My meaning is to shew thee, o philosophers this thing; Plato made known unto men of the metaphysical or spiritual which to men will seem as nil. Didst not Plato say we are freed to the forms by death? Is this not the very sprit of nihilism? Then came Aristotle and made known the temporal or physical. Then he reasoned in his heart that they are connected. They cannot be broken asunder and together they express the notion of intelligence, the wisdom of teleology. This is the Ruach Hakodesh Elohim; HE that meld heart and flesh, interweaving there being to create a living soul which posseseth a heart that reasons, thus we are made in HIS image. Yea, even weaving the heavens and the earth continually onward as the scientist say the universe is in an expiation the still. All things spoken of HIM posseseth a purpose, but not the perfect image of HIM in any man or angel save Jesus Christ since after the fall. Can ye all hear on the Advent Wall? Can ye comprehend on the Babylonian brothels and bars turned to homes?  Regard LAW and not death to negate it. In this wise, you philosophers can see that the cosmos is not devoid of a heart, it is HE who is the Living GOD and not simply soulless motions of matter which randomly manifested reason of order and logic; even in that, HE would still be GOD. Reconsider, reconsider, I beseech ye, reconsider. Can ye see HE IS ADAH SELA to all people? Verily I say, verily: I am hers and she is of mine. So in no wise is mine adah Judy or Selah my princes of any other man. I pray you of Yeshua Living Lion Lamb, bring them nigh me, pleas, vehemently I beseech Thee. Ye, oh Ye Jesus of El Shadi Eloi. Eloi in HIM Eloi Elohim breathe of warring forth, O Wind to my wife Judy. Ruach Hakodesh, Holy Speaker of Truth and knower of All Things among Godhead: I ask ye by Jesus Christ your servant, be with her, regardless her approximation to me.  Adah selah nations adah selah; Adah Judy’s Selah. I her, o Judy, here mine Gensong my joy, my friend. You are my chifest of mine earthly woman friends by Conquering Lion Lamb maker of kings and queens, forger of priests and prophetesses; Jesus the establisher of worlds. HE is the conscience which expresseth HIS will though the seen by HIS unseen presence. It is written of HIM by Grecian Athenian poets: yea, we live and move in HIM; yea, o yea, having: our beings, our souls, our spirits, as we are HIS offspring expressed by even the poets of Roman Babylonia of the Creasers. Turn away, o Francis of Jesuitism. Turn not away and ye will burn and be murdered by your own nation in flesh and spirit. Woe, woe, woe to you and your harlot daughters. Aundrayous Aundray of Sierra call sing: Suite Design H4 – SS117-119-infinite; DECLARES: Spartan Saints mark – 000 - actual weapons of truth and claymore of light and justice free - ANIALATE YE ALL undone nihilist flood flesh and spirit, PORMITER: THEM SPARTANS-HAVE NO PITTY FOR FALLEN INIQUIURS Save Christ Commands: MARK: SIR SPARTAN, SLAYER OF SIN YESHUA, your will be done, adiar tzedek finished and maketh perfect love. Popery, none shall draw nigh and none shall be spared. Babylon is undone, defiled and depravedly corrupted with murderous intent, o saints of GOD. Ye who are just or unjust; ye still are possessors of time to change, unbound and unloosen, therefore take heed, lest Satan snatches you with lies. Know ye people, I am of with, and Emory using a Warriors Creed for applied for GOD to defend our Asah, Selah. If I can say and do this, make known, ye do not need to believe in me, but the LIVING GOD ELOHIM ELOI ELSHADI. HE will show you unknown name and unknown faces of your aiders from the time of rubble, but be truthful always and HE will hear your cry for them; bind what ye can and be sure to cast off sin.
 Knowledge likened as this was known not only by the Athenians, but also the Upanishads, peradventure by them are its origins. People that go by the name Upanishads are ones with understanding in Brahman; that is to be interpreted, ultimate reality. Meaning the GOD or Life Force whom encompasses all realities: from Brahman they stablished the understanding also of Atman. Atman is of the life force of Brahman that generates life in all of Brahman which manifests also Ahamkara. Ahamkara is of the individual or person, denoting likenesses and individual being. These distinct features are also one with Brahman, thus to the Upanishads they declare they are apart the same Brahman. In mine eyes Brahman is as the Father. They all are of Elohim: all things, and all thoughts are kept in their place by HIS perfect and radiant will. Atman is as the wisdom of the Holy Ghost of which abides from outskirts to outskirts, from within and without who establisheth the wisdom of the Father within us, as Job hath spoken, giving life unto all living. Ahamkara is as the perfect and ideal personhood who executes the will of Brahman though the wisdom of Atman. My meaning it to say that our atman also expresses the wisdom of life, giving understanding to do with goodness and rightness spirits. In mine eyes this reflected the truth and divine person of Jesus the Son who is as one with the Father that executes HIS perfect will through provision of the Holy Ghost. I am not as these men in this writing to refer to the LORD with such names, or believe in such a manner as they do; neither do I know if they would consider these things in such a way if presented to the host of them. Yet peradventure they knew the LORD without knowing HIS true name. Hear, o philosophers, it can be seen in the Upanishads that they stablished an infinite canvas of substances which posseseth a quickening, giving motioning unto life, animating all flesh and beings. The same is of spaces which quickeneth in motion to create time that all substances, flesh, and peoples abound continually. Of this description is the Word that is of Godhead whom is of space, matter and time or as I would say spaces, substance, and seasons. These maketh up things that are words which are the quickening about of things to stablish conscience of the Word; HIM, The Lord GOD of Hosts. Ruach Hakodesh’s joy of HIS unceasing delight to the SON OF MAN, Yeshua, Christ; Messiah Prince of the Covenant Jesus. In mine eyes they knew this in a way. But unto them was a falling away occurred. Yet a man was preserved for a woman, and she bore him a good son, Romania. Of him is my mother’s line of kings. Ramanuja’s seeds are a line which is the same of my mother’s people but not blood. It is the same blood I see in you my dear Judy, in this wise I comprehend the marvel of thine Coole luster of Caribs in Belizean beauty; you the win the heart of me.
 Now philosophers, as ye may have been made known, there are twin wise men among the Upanishads: one goeth by Ramanuja, whom I feel am kin to and the other Shankara the murderer of Life’s Truth. Ramanuja is one who understood life is suffering likened as the spirit contends with the flesh. He also concluded it is so life is an illusion likened as Solomon declares all as vanity and vexation of spirit, poetically describing all as hebel. Hebel is a mist or smoke which maketh form one moment and in the other thereof, it is departed. The nature of this hebel, forms a new thing and when one reaches for it the members of it is scattered abroad. In the understanding of the Upanishads this is one of the reasons for suffering; they declare tanha. Which is to say we let not go what is gone to pass, thrusting after it, as I do, holding on to you, Judy. But to let go suffering is to move on, one must accept and move forward. I may have concealed thee in my heart woman, and I desired to let you go for reason of pain. At the first I was stubborn, so I let even GOD go and told HIM I would. But the more I did, the more I learned of myself and my alibies.  I tried loving, or playing duel monsters, or getting lost in Halo’s games; even I did lose my desire to do anything real as Shankara. But I suffered even more, I peradventure could have reached you thou in those times and even further back but you asked and I let you go and I did so by the reasoning of your wisdom, my woman. These things I did, to stay away from my love and abhor myself in vanity was a great sin. Do ye see o Israel, sin divide flesh as dead; Kane divided the flesh of his own brother by Satan’s lie and through his own loins corrupted all flesh. Then came Enoch, Adam’s son and all knew LORD when he, the traveler of world ascended to Michel. Contrary though, Ramanuja beleiveth in his bones that though life posseseth an illusory nature liken Shankara. He still laced acceptance in it, regarded he it is of gravity and significance of real. The same was as I accepted the suffering of my letting go of you, Jude, then I saw you to prove I can do what I say and give the untold deep of GOD’s love seen in the glossy sheen of thine eyes. Came nigh, wife; mine help meat: you are friend, mingle in my life with me that your joy seen. Depart from your evil ways, do ye not know mine adah. It is I thy Spartan of the Deep Aundray and ye are mine Lady Judy of Unmatched Adah, seen in all the heaven and earth through GOD. I Sing, I sing; to you I sing, adah selah, yea Selah. Ramanuja utterances, sayeth and said by him, in this matter, live and comprehend is that we should go to forth to animate the being of Brahman in our souls through attaining knowledge which is given from the grace of the Lord. Judy this is my love, not a ring of diamonds or pearls but a ring of the infinite utterances of mine heart of wheels within wheels Describing matter and atoms and quantum atoms of thousands of thousand to ten thousand times ten thousand of thousands of thousand thoughts of love for ye. The same is as Solomon’s conclusions in the matters of the LORD; diligence in the law is the whole duty of man and women. Diligence in all households in time afar off times nigh even times way back are never undone or completed, yet they are good. When GOD made a husband and wife of His household of Eden, Satan spoke ill will I beguile women and men. I defeated the deep dark of seeming nil because the spark of Adam who loved Eve lead me away from sin Satan did lie to and he knew she would die by GOD’s hand. Adam forgot to teach rather than make peace; so GOD Himself came as a man to give all inanity back to all the world, not by His flesh and blood only, but by GOD’s infinite love. Yea He the Son of Man, our brother and our chifest of among all friends; wither in heaven or earth. He, in His infinite sacrifice of utter insurmountable love, saved me and you in the womb; adah selah, to you mine adah Judy. I know you can know, I know you can see, and comprehend the pages of these words to your heart through me from GOD. I am thine and tine are mine. But Satan lied again telling Shankara also, who concluded in his heart that life is as maya, being interpreted illusion. In his eye all that is real is as Brahman which he reasoned ones spirit is a part of Brahman; to him is one’s spirit is not of this world. Brahman unto him is illusion, the same is the being of all, making them deny their own soul. He did denounce his own soul. To participate and commune in the mundane affairs of the world are not done, the stead he and his followers lay down their desire and simply meditate away their life in pointless repetitions, vainly worshiping GOD and vainly seeking HIS knowledge, lacking wisdom thereof. Peradventure this is why the LORD despise repetitive prays, they are vain and ye speak not to GOD as a good friend, outpouring thy heart to HIM, which make not him pour out to you. Do ye hear Babylon! Tell another child or persons, yea even especially the child to repeat or continue repeating another word of jot or title ye despise or not despise, ye will be undone; woe, unto you if ye know and understand what you do and not do it. In truth this thing is the spirit of nihilism; the same is the lie of Satan, who spoke and said we are gods. Ye are men and women, not beast of creeping things ore thing or babe who are as men with knowledge and strength, even also the effeminate or the inversioner of roles. In the Garden of Eden, Adam and Eve were hedged about with the law which preserved their souls, then Satan came and spoke falsehoods, saying there is no law, which is as he said you will not surely die. The spirit of this lie is seen in Shankara’s understanding, which denounces the human soul negating ones duty in the law and casting to the ground the temple of GOD that is our own soul. This thing is the very bottomless pit of hell and death. Separating one’s self from the law of GOD’s love will undo your own nature and beating heart, concluding it as naught. For reason of these great evils men hath stood against this. Light of his teaching, this abomination, also GOD made stand up a group of men. This group, peradventure in his own camp peacefully migrated from his land of death in direct opposition to this decadent understanding in GOD’s truth, they go by the Sannyasis. Openly opposing Shankara, he unwittingly created a new religion, showing the truth, the philosophy of naught is untrue and all things are maintained by an intrinsic Law orchestrated by GOD that all is sustained by teleological means."
"[22/M] My boyfriend [23/M] so badly wants children in the future  Close  1  Posted by  5 months ago  [22/M] My boyfriend [23/M] so badly wants children in the future  I have been dating this guy for almost 5 months now we both are pretty serious   A little background on our relationship, i met him through tinder on what was supposed to be a one-night stand, we ended up falling for each other. He is bisexual and when we first talked he did mentioned how he enjoyed sexual relations with men and eventually will settle with a girl because he wants children easily and a very traditional household , back then i  had no issues with it because he was just another hookup
 However, now things changed completely we unintentionally fell for each other and are pretty serious but seems his mindset hasn't changed, he understood why i wished not to have children, yet he is still going strong with me so what do i do? i am confused as hell . For the most part we have similar goals except that little thing about children.
 , i am posting this because the topic of children just came up again .Basically he wants so much to raise children in the future while i am not. It seems that to most this is a dealbreaker.
 I am not vehemently against the idea of it, its just not a priority i foresee in my life . Personally, i have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and with an illness like mine i barely can look after myself i don't think i ever able to look after a kid. Its just too much of a responsibility to me. i don't know what to do, i really love this guy and we're still young is it realistic of me to think that somewhere along the future we might change minds? We are still pretty early in this relationship and i am thinking maybe sometime in the future i might be more stable and mentally healthy to raise a kid idk?"
"Psychotic Fellow SA let himself into my house after I told him no TWICE?!?!  Close  7  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Psychotic Fellow SA let himself into my house after I told him no TWICE?!?!  So I (F 19) have been friends with this guy, let’s call him Steve (M 26). And we have always gotten along really well because we both had really rough childhoods. I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 1 and I had confided in Steve that when my manic episodes start I feel like I have no control, this is the only time I am hyper-sexual and have any thoughts of being unfaithful to my partner.  To make matters worse I get a huge wave of guilt and depression afterwards, as a result of these unwanted feelings.
 Tonight, Steve knew I was manic and upset with him because he told me if we were friends he would only take me down with him.  Despite my feelings of rage and how many times I told him to stay away from me he walked to my apartment and told me he was here and to let him in. I told him I wasn’t going to do that because on top of being manic, I was angry.
 Because I had locked all of my doors and closed all my curtains he returned home. A few hours later he texted me again and told me he was going to come by and take me to McDonald’s so we could talk. I ,again,  told him no and that all my doors were locked and I was upstairs in bed.
 I had forgotten I left my backdoor unlocked while cleaning and I heard him let himself in. He then came up the stairs and stared at me and begged me to be unfaithful to my boyfriend and have sex with him. I told him no, I can’t. And he still begged, I said no again and then after I ignored him to do some anxious closet organizing he finally left.  I told my male roommate to not let him in if he ever attempts it.
 I had no clue I was a SA until Steve explained  we had the same feelings and urges.  I’m scared that Steve will come again and this time he won’t ask nicely... and I feel like his wife and infant son could be in danger.  What do I do?"
My anxiety might be ocd?  Close  1  Posted by  5 months ago  My anxiety might be ocd?  I have been diagnosed with bipolar and generalized anxiety but my therapist talked about how a Lot of bipolar people have ocd as well and the more she talks about it the more it relates to me. It took years to diagnose for bipolar not really wanting to take that long for ocd. How can I see if I really have it or not? Is the treatment different? This is all I can think about now. Ways to feel better?
"I have been seeing a black shadow since Fall 2013. It keeps beckoning for me to come towards it.  Close  13  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  I have been seeing a black shadow since Fall 2013. It keeps beckoning for me to come towards it.  In fall of 2013, I started working in a seasonal haunted house that is located inside an old penitentiary. After working there for about 2 weeks, I noticed a black figure about 5'5 in the corner of my eye while I was doing my makeup for the haunt. It made a beckoning motion to me. When I fully turned to see what it wanted, it vanished.
 I didn't see it again until a month later when I was at my grandparents house. I was standing in their hallway, and again- it looked like it was making the motion to come towards it. I turned to the figure and it lingered for an extra second before vanishing into the utility closet. No one but myself was in the house at the moment.
 A few days later, I was at the townhouse I lived in during college. Both my roommate and I were upstairs. I went to walk downstairs, and it was waiting by the foot of the steps, almost crouched. When I fully acknowledged its presence, it slid into my air vent.
 With three different sightings, I was becoming increasingly worried something intelligent followed me home from the penitentiary. The shadow is intelligent. It isn't popping up in the dark or in corners, it appears in broad daylight. It is making motions to come towards it.
 Since the initial sighting in 2013, the shadow appears at least once a month. Sometimes it appears before significant events- it doesn't matter if they are happy or sad. A miscarriage, a friend coming to visit, before a big breakup- it appears.
 Most of the time, it appears peripherally. It will stay there and make beckoning motions. When I fully acknowledge it, it'll linger for maybe 5 seconds, then slide up or down the wall into a vent or closet. I have never gone to it.
 The first time I saw it in my full field of vision was in June of this year. I went on vacation with my family at a beach. As I was walking into the elevator, it appeared just slightly to my left, and shook its head. I didn't go on the elevator. Later that day, we discovered that the specific elevator I was going to go into stopped working for a few hours. That's the first time its truly warned me about a bad event.
 The funny thing is that I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and I have been on anti-psychotic medications for 2 years now. Throughout my life, I've had hallucinations that consist of bright light with shapeless visual disturbances, never a full human-shaped object. I was hoping after starting medications I would cease seeing it, but nope.
 I just want to know what it is, what it wants. I'm pretty positive it's an attachment from when I worked in the penitentiary. It's definitely startled me, but I don't feel scared or a sense of dread when I see it. I want to know why it wants me to come towards it."
"Birth control? Copper IUD causing too much pain. PCOS and bipolar.  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Birth control? Copper IUD causing too much pain. PCOS and bipolar.  I (25 F) have bipolar 2 and PCOS. Doctors never really give me a straight answer about PCOS but I have had vaginal ultrasounds that confirmed it in the past. I got the copper IUD because when I was younger I had trouble with hormonal birth control, extreme mood swings, now that I have been diagnosed with bipolar I’m starting to think it was that and not the hormones.
 Now after almost 3 years with my copper IUD im having extreme bleeding, very painful and long period, lasting between 8-14 days for the last 6months, but have gotten extreme the last 2 months. I have never felt cramps like this before and they are pretty debilitating.
 I went to planed parenthood today and they said I have a cyst on my right ovary, when I mentioned I have been told I have PCOS they said that people with that shouldn’t have a copper IUD. And I should get it removed since my period is so bad. The also said that my IUD is in place and shouldn’t be causing me pain.
 Sorry for the long explanation. My point on posting on this subreddit is to find out if Hormonal birthcontrol has worked for people with bipolar 2. I always thought it would mess with my moods. Anyone in a similar situation? Any tips?  Just looking for any information.
 Thanks"
"Broke my hand by punching a wall  Close  10  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Broke my hand by punching a wall  Sorry if any of this is typed funny, I only have one hand currently.
 I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 2 within the last year. Things seem great recently, for the first time in months; moods have been fairly stable, haven’t been seeing my therapist as regularly, not on any medications.
 This morning, I was agitated, more than normal. Had a very silly incident that was not a big deal, would have laughed it off any other morning, but for some reason, this morning, I lost my shit and punched a fucking wall, then proceeded to have a screaming/crying meltdown. Hand swelled, got radiographed, it’s broken.
 For clarity sake, I’d like to mention that I didn’t have a crying, screaming meltdown because of my hand, that was just where I was at emotionally. I’ve had similar episodes before, a few months before I was diagnosed that encouraged me to seek help, but I’m a year removed from those incidents and haven’t experienced another since therapy. This is the first time since being diagnosed that I’ve had a total meltdown.
 No precursor. No warning. Totally out of the blue. Like I said, life has been good. So, what the fuck.
 Any input? What should I do? I’m sorry if this is the wrong place."
What would happen if a bipolar doesn't have any money and gets impulsive? Would stealing be a form of impulse?  Close  0  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  What would happen if a bipolar doesn't have any money and gets impulsive? Would stealing be a form of impulse?  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder and someone asked me like how is it possible that spending spree only happens to people who are capable of doing it. I don't really know how to answer him.
"""High functioning""  Close  3  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  ""High functioning""  I (25F) have been diagnosed with bipolar type 1 for about three years. I am, and always have been, on the ""high functioning"" end of the spectrum. I completed a graduate degree while experiencing mood episodes, and I'm able to hold a professional job, for over a year now since I graduated.
 When I'm depressed, I can still function at my job well enough to not get fired. (This was the case for several months last winter.) However, I'm pretty non functional when I'm manic. I'm unable to work, unable to hold a train of thought, or do anything coherent really. (Is there anything that might help with this, aside from ""don't get manic""?)
 I have two questions:
   Do people with SMI generally stay at a similar level of functioning throughout their lives? (Basically, can I expect to stay ""high functioning""?)
   When you have a ""high functioning"" patient, do you approach treatment any differently?
  2 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   Physician, Psychiatrist  3 points   ·    6 months ago  The two most important things you can do to stay high functioning and prevent mania are: 1) stay on meds, and 2) maintain a solid sleep schedule. Disrupted sleep is a major risk factor for mania. If you know what to look out for in regards to acute mood episodes, notify your psychiatrist ASAP when you first start noticing symptoms so they can work with you to stave off a full blown episode. Your best bet at maintaining your functioning is to have fewer episodes."
Diagnosis  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Diagnosis  Hi, can anyone describe how they found out or were diagnosed with BPD? I have been diagnosed with bipolar but I definitely feel that BPD describes me so I don’t know if I’m wrong or if I’m misdiagnosed
TripolarDisorder has been created  Close  1  Posted by  5 months ago  TripolarDisorder has been created  For discussion of tripolar disorder related issues. This is a safe haven for people who have been diagnosed with bipolar but believe they have a strong spiritual connection to a world beyond our own that may have been related to their diagnosis.
"Has anyone tried TMS? I guess I have to.  Close  10  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Has anyone tried TMS? I guess I have to.  Hey everyone,
 I recently saw my usual psychiatrist and I told her I have been suicidal and requested a change to my meds. To my surprise, she refused to change my meds and told me to try TMS or ECT.
 I didn't like this answer, so two weeks later I had an appointment with a completely new psychiatrist. I told him my whole history with bipolar and what I'm currently struggling with. After an hour long initial session, he also refused to change my meds and told me to try TMS or ECT.
 I am completely shocked by this. I have been in this horrible depression for a month or so and I'm completely out of it. I'm calling off of work multiple times each week because I just don't care. It's hard to focus on work when all you want to do is die. It's hurtful that neither doctor would validate my suffering and do something to help me out right away.
 I have an appointment with a TMS doctor on Tuesday because what choice do I have? It doesn't matter how many doctors tell me that ECT is safe, I'm still not comfortable with it.
 Honestly though, I have been diagnosed with bipolar for 10 years, I've tried every class of medication in various dosages and combinations and I've never had any long term success with meds. I guess it is time to try something else, but how am I supposed to get through the month it will take me to feel the effects of TMS?
 Has anyone else on here tried TMS? Was it helpful? I hope I'm not wasting my time and money on this.
 Sorry for rambling, I'm just extremely frustrated and I have no idea what to do. To make matters worse my therapist is out of town for the next 2 weeks so there is literally no one I can talk to about this IRL. Thanks for reading ❤"
"Recognizing & Dealing with Bipolar  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Recognizing & Dealing with Bipolar  Hello everyone, names Mike. I have recently come to the conclusion that I may be bipolar among many other things. This conclusion has come after many years of different people around me telling me I might be and many years of mild to sever depression with what I like to think of as upswings.
 A little bit about myself. I am 30 going on 31 in November. I am a Veteran with a combat tour of 10 months and 14 days in a heavily active area. I have a CAB and a PH for taking fire more than once and being injured slightly in combat. I have been diagnosed with PTSD which comes with anxiety and depression and many other side effects.
 I grew up in all types of scenarios growing up to include poor and having little to nothing, parents being well taken care of and having everything I need, been through a divorce between mother and father, mental instability on both sides, mental and physical abuse from my father's side, I mean there is no shortage to this list as it continues for quiet some time. To explain it all requires at least a dictionary sized explanation so I will keep it short and sweet.
 For most of my life I have always rolled with the outcomes and I have learned to just go with the flow as stressful as it was at times. However over the past 6 years since separation of active duty service, 8-9 years since my deployment in Afghanistan I have learned a lot about myself. I have changed for the worst. I have since been diagnosed with PTSD and all the good stuff that comes with it but recently over the last 2 years or so I have realized there is more going on with me and that I may very well be bipolar.
 Most days it's near impossible for me to get out of bed. I have more frequent cycles of depressive moods where I stay in bed and won't get out for anything unless I am completley forced to. Other days I am up and about with this non stop force of hunger; feeling like I can go all day, all night until I drop. I know I have things to get done, I know I can do them, I feel confident some of the times but just getting up and doing it sets off an enormous amount of anxiety so I just lay there because it's easy to ignore it when I'm asleep, napping, ignoring it, etc. If I do manage to get up I feel like I'm dragging through the motions and ultimately end up going back to bed and I make excuses for myself. I truly want to be better, get things done and be about my way to success but it almost almost never happens that way.
 I own a business because it was the only way I could find any type of employment that lasted for more than a few weeks. Because owning a business I can put in or as little participation as I can when I can. I always start off great and super motivated and boom it hits me. Super depression out of no where to the point I want to be done with it all. Owning the business I've had to refund customers their money a few times, and other times I'd break down into, at, ot after work. Sometimes around customers.
 The VA prescribe me a slew of pills but there was one that my wife seems to think standed out quiet well Deloxitine however these pills make it extremely frustrating because I can't get off without having sex hours and hours on end; as a male this is extremely frustrating and harsh. I am looking to possibly getting back on some sort of pills however I have not been completely honest with the VA out of fear of repercussion. I always avoid the suicidal questions and always best around the bush, feelings of paranoia, but I am 100% honest about my depression and anxiety. I do not tell them most days I feel suicidal because I do not want to be locked up or forced to take pills.
 I have talked with some military buddies who have been diagnosed with bipolar, PTSD and some family members and they all confirm that I am almost certainly bipolar just from interactions they have had with me.
 How do you guys with similar situations get up and out? Forcefullness is not working for me as it all feels like a waste of time, almost as if I am better off dead.
 Please no sympathy, just looking for advice that has worked for you."
"Is this related to any other mental health disorder?  Close  8  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Is this related to any other mental health disorder?  I never put much stock into phobias.  I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, social anxiety, gad, an eating disorder and severe OCD.  I am wondering if this fits under OCD?
 I have been petrified of mechanical objects in the water my whole life.  Deep water/the unknown as well, big logs in water but the worst of it is planes, cars, boats especially sinking or sunken.  I cant for the life of me understand how this page exists if people truly have this phobia because I saw the first picture and it makes me want to vomit.
 Do other people with this phobia experience immediate panic/feelings of nausea/gagging/terror?  It can trigger an anxiety attack.  I'm unsure why, in any movie I have to cover my eyes, same w pictures, I cant imagine going on one of those boats where you float over a ship wreck.  I think if the mechanical object was small in my hand and in the bath it would be okay, or a hot wheels in the bathtub it would be fine but that's the difference between metal and mechanical maybe?  a life sized vehicle in a lake makes me want to start screaming.
 Since I am also afraid of large moving objects in the water (logs, possibly other manmade objects, not sealife), and fear dark or water that isnt clear because I just cant stop imagining dumped corpses brushing up next to me o wonder if these things are connected or how they develop.
 I have a similar fear of trains related to OCD as well.  If anyone responds I will check the mail since I def wont be subbing to this group lol.  I just never imagined anyone else was afraid of this and thought it was some weird thing."
"BPD and head trauma  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  BPD and head trauma  I’ve been diagnosed and undiagnosed continuously throughout my teenage and adult life. I believe I show symptoms of BPD and so does my girlfriend. I have been diagnosed with bipolar also.
 One of the things doctors and therapist can’t figure out is I haven’t ever really been abandoned or had any significant trauma in my life.
 I have had significant head trauma though. Has anyone else been diagnosed with BPD after having a TBI?"
"PCOS & Bipolar 2. Copper IUD causing lots of bleeding and pain after 3 years  General/Advice  Close  1  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  PCOS & Bipolar 2. Copper IUD causing lots of bleeding and pain after 3 years  General/Advice  I (25 F) have bipolar 2 and PCOS. Doctors never really give me a straight answer about PCOS but I have had vaginal ultrasounds that confirmed it in the past. I got the copper IUD because when I was younger I had trouble with hormonal birth control, extreme mood swings, now that I have been diagnosed with bipolar I’m starting to think it was that and not the hormones.
 Now after almost 3 years with my copper IUD im having extreme bleeding, very painful and long period, lasting between 8-14 days for the last 6months, but have gotten extreme the last 2 months. I have never felt cramps like this before and they are pretty debilitating.
 I went to planed parenthood today and they said I have a cyst on my right ovary, when I mentioned I have been told I have PCOS they said that people with that shouldn’t have a copper IUD. And I should get it removed since my period is so bad. The also said that my IUD is in place and shouldn’t be causing me pain.
 Sorry for the long explanation. My point on posting on this subreddit is to find out if Hormonal birthcontrol has worked for people with bipolar 2. I always thought it would mess with my moods. Anyone in a similar situation? Any tips?  Just looking for any information.
 Thanks"
I (16/M) am having troubles finding a relationship  Close  3  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I (16/M) am having troubles finding a relationship  I've tried talking to other females at school but due to me not having social media (i.e. Snapchat, Instagram, Etc.) NOBODY wants to even try with me. At this point I've lost hope and am now starting to accept the fact I'll be single forever (which I know is not the case.) I have been talking to some girls over text but I manage to drive them away because I have been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder. I also have a mean/assholish personality and am percieved as not a nice person, which isn't the case if they got to know me. But everyone is so concerned about using Snapchat it seems impossible to find anyone. Please help in anyway you can...
"Forgetting words in the middle of conversation.  Physician Responded  Close  4  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   3 days ago  Forgetting words in the middle of conversation.  Physician Responded  Im a 31 female i am about 5'4 145 lbs i have been diagnosed with bipolar depression (i really think it might just be depression and anxiety) i have recently tappered off my meds due to loosing insurance from getting laid off.
 Here lately i will be in the middle of a conversation and just totally forget a word. I will know how to describe it but the word will totally skip my mind.
 Example - i told my fiance this morning i wanted to make chicken parmesan for dinner. I went and bought the stuff for it and come home. Dinner time comes up and everyone is asking what's for dinner. I could not for the life of me remember what it was called i could describe it but i had to ask my fiance the word for it.
 That's just one story of it happening. It happens all the time with different words easy words that i should not have a problem remembering. Not sure if this is just a memory issue or if this is normal."
"How do you get through a period of low sex drive with your partner? (I’m the low one)  Close  2  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  How do you get through a period of low sex drive with your partner? (I’m the low one)  Hello. Lot to unpack here, sorry!! TLDR will be at the end.
 My boyfriend and I have been together (on and off) for a little over two years. We are both mid-twenties. In addition to my ongoing anxiety, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder in the last year. I feel like I have a much higher sex drive when I am in mania (pretty normal for bipolar people) than when I am in a depression. My mania tends not to last very long compared to depression, as manic behaviors simply aren’t feasible long-term for me. So for most of the year, I am in a depression.
 Besides the disorder stuff, I have also been dealing with a quarter life crisis I suppose?? Realizing I’m not invincible and that I will die one day, feeling older, trying to find my place/niche in this huge overwhelming world. On top of that, I am coping with weird feelings surrounding a sexual assault I experienced within the last year. Before this instance, I championed myself for my high sex drive, which was pretty high even when I wasn’t in mania. Now, my sex drive is very minimal — the lowest it has ever been in my life. I do sometimes still get some random strong sexual urges, but I mostly would rather “work these out” by myself than with my partner. Penetrative sex with my boyfriend is now uncomfortable at best and painful at worst, much of which I attribute to psychologically-induced vaginismus. He really enjoys PIV so it has been difficult. Even receiving oral is uncomfortable for me, not so much physically as it is mentally.
 OBVIOUSLY, I need therapy. I have gone on medication in the recent past that has pretty much zeroed out my sex drive, but I’m not currently in a financial position to be able to try more medications. I know I need to speak with someone about my issues, but that’s somewhat off the table right now (again, financial reasons). It’s something I intend to do when I can, but right now I’m just coping —unassisted— the best I can.
 However, my relationship is suffering because of this. My boyfriend isn’t awful about the fact that we can’t and don’t really have sex anymore. He is very patient and slow when we do attempt PIV, and supports me if I do not wish to continue. However, I know that he is still somewhat disappointed deep down. He makes jokes occasionally (although completely out of the context of the bedroom) about how our sex life has dropped off into nothing. They are somewhat hurtful and I’ve asked him to stop making those types of jokes, but he still slips up occasionally. I get that “there’s some truth to every joke” feeling each time. He insists they are harmless.
 I found out today that he masturbates several times a day. I masturbate as well, so I don’t expect him not to, I just didn’t know it was so often for him, and I hate to admit it but I am a little hurt. I can’t help but feel that I am letting him down. I do try to do things for him still (oral and handjobs) but I’ve been hypersensitive about sex in general so if he doesn’t cum in what I perceive to be a reasonable amount of time I get frustrated and think I’m doing poorly and stop (I know, it sounds stupid because it is, I blame my growing insecurities), then we both end up upset.
 I am honestly just so confused and scared because I’ve always been a very sexual person and all of the sudden I’m not anymore. Almost the whole duration of my relationship with my boyfriend (excluding the last few months) has been full of very hot and very enjoyable sex for both of us, and all of the sudden that’s not on the table anymore. I hope to one day get my sexual confidence and drive back to normal levels, but what do I do for now?? How can I prevent my relationship from dwindling to sexless boring dust?
 Thanks in advance. That got way longer than I originally intended.
 TLDR: My sex drive has fallen from normal/high to low and almost nonexistent, likely due to various life stressors. I feel less close to my boyfriend and fear his patience will not last forever. Seeking advice on how to cope/move forward."
Depressive Episodes and Work  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Depressive Episodes and Work  I have been diagnosed with bipolar for seven years now and I have gone through many, many ups and downs. Lately I have been having a very bad depressive episodes and it is affecting my attendance at work a lot. This year I have had a lot of life altering changes and have lost a lot of my support. I have been depending on my boyfriend a lot this past year and he is starting to resent me for not going to work and financially holding up my end as much as he. I understand his stress and just wanting me to be 'normal' but this is adding to my stress and I have been feeling very suicidal and disconnected. I need some advice on where to go from here....I cannot lose my job but I also cannot handle the extreme depression and lack of support....I feel very lost. I have worked very hard to get to this point (medicated, full time job, renting a house, romantic relationship) and feel like I'm on the edge of losing it all. How do you deal with the extreme lows and going to work? I'm becoming unable to manage it all and I'm terrified
"It all makes sense...and I'm not relieved. I'm pissed and empty at bpd loved one  Input  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  It all makes sense...and I'm not relieved. I'm pissed and empty at bpd loved one  Input  This turned kind of long....please help me though if there's any good will out there on the internet.
 Let me start by saying that I do not have BPD, but have been diagnosed with bipolar and ADHD. However, a friend sent me an article to read regarding my husband, and that article was all about bpd. I got chills from that article because it all makes sense. Every single sentence were words I would use to describe him or words he has used himself.
 I would love to delve into the entire history of our six years together and two children, but for the purposes of the specific advice I'm desparate for, I will give you a very basic info. His main noticeable symptoms are anger, rage, idealization vs hatred of me, rapid fire mood swings, seeing things in black in white, abandonment issues (but were not easily recognized by me), totally irrational statements or going back on what he said before but not acknowledging it. I am not a consistent person due to my issues, was isolated through his manipulation very early on, felt crazy from his anger and totally retorted back with all of my bipolar intensity. I have acted defensive to his attacks, used my own experiences to relate to his. He views me as selfish, lazy, unmotivated, and I've felt devoid of any value and worth which again fed into my issues. I've made mistakes that he views so out of proportion that he likens it to cheating, and he resents me for it still.
 A week ago I was telling him that all I want is for him to feel better and that I love him blah blah blah (good cheesy stuff that I meant very sincerely). After the article i read that pointed me to bpd....i feel hopeless. Im reading the damn advice and it's like dont get defensive dont talk about yourself and nod and indicate you're listening. I didnt cause this I cant cure it I cant control it. Ok cool. Now what? What's next? It's sad and liberating that holy shit I'm not crazy, there's nothing wrong with me except for the symptoms of my own illness which I manage with therapy and medication. But do I become this robot now? Totally emotionless? I'm not afraid of walking on eggshells anymore since that article, and I respect the tremendous amount of pain he must feel literally all the time.
 So why do I feel so...empty?
 This should be a new hope and an invigorating revelation. Instead I'm totally weird about it and I'd like to know why. Also.....how do I talk to him about this without a full blown fit of a rage?
 Please please help. I almost feel more lonely than when I was getting isolated manipulatively.
 I also started writing this post an hour ago and since then he has praised how well the house looks (hes been gone for a week in the hospital for a serious medical condition and I just picked him up today) and then completely yelling and screaming at me storming out of the house and I can do nothing right. I defended myself in this blatant attack which of course made it worse. I'm so fucking angry and I'm pissed I have to be calm even when he gets angry. I have yet to instil a yelling boundary because this bpd perspective is all so new for me. Our toxicity would feed each others for years now and I will not tolerate it anymore and it hurts me that hes in pain, but this is, dare I say, abusive.
 We have a marriage counselor appointment coming up soon with someone new. Please, any input or advice for how to bring all this shit up without making me look crazy. He is so fucking excellent at looking really put together and acting sane. He will blame our entire marriage's problems on me. He does not take responsibility for any of issues and that it takes two people to make a relationship fail. If I say the sky is blue, he will call me a liar and look for proof that I'm wrong. We used to get along almost a week at a time before a weird blow up, and now it's a few hours maybe.
 We are both just dying inside. Dont forget the little kids we're trying to raise. They should be able to see their dad feel better and act better. Let's pretend divorce is not an option. Because we still have to get along for the rest of our lives. And plus the part where I care so deeply about him."
Adult adhd ? Schizophrenia? Poor planning? Bad luck ? Something worse ? Please help me I can’t take it anymore  Close  3  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Adult adhd ? Schizophrenia? Poor planning? Bad luck ? Something worse ? Please help me I can’t take it anymore  TL:DR: Is it just bad luck , poor planning or adult adhd?   Been on this sub for awhile now . I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 for about 6 years .  For about 1 year now, I have been having nightmare-ish days where I can’t leave the house .   It usually starts with I can’t find my car keys for something . . Or last second when I’m leaving the house . But I’ll say to myself ... I “just had these in my hands “ or I just had this an hour ago ...... since it’s something I need immediately . I’m forced to look for it , which ends up being an all-out tearing the house apart looking for the car keys .   Tonight . It took me 1 hour and 45 minutes just to find the keys. When I found those, I lost my phone and went looking fo that for another hour .   At this point . all the crap in my house is allllllll disorganized from searching for the car keys and now from the phone .   So , I’ve wasted two hours THEN ........ I realized I was missing the cube part of my charger which I am still trying to “find “. I have been home since 530 pmEST and it is now 830 EST and all I’ve done is make a mess “looking “ for shit I had with me all day .  I’m so drained .  When this first started , it would sometimes take me 6 hours to find things (i wish I was kidding ) . The week of Christmas , I couldn’t leave the whole weekend bc I “lost” my keys... turns out they got kicked under my bed for some reason . I was damn close to being suicidal I was driving myself crazy trying to “find” something that was right under my nose .   ...I also missed a friends wedding the month prior bc I couldn’t find my keys . I guess I still could of went but i would of been 2 hours late bc it once again took me close to an hour to find them ... I had been rushing that day bc I found a tear in my dress and had to change wardrobe last minute (the bad luck again or no?) ... I wasn’t thinking about car keys. Me missing the wedding obviously ruined our friendship . All over FUCKING car keys . I had my lexapro dosage upped and was sent on my way .    So , many people including my therapist think that I’m just unorganized or don’t manage time.    Here’s something else to consider .. I try to give myself at least 4-5 hours before an event In case something like the day of my friends wedding happening . Of course I won’t lose anything but I’ll say to myself , ok you got ready in enough time , let’s treat yourself to starbucks........ drive through takes HONESTLY 45 minutes for a COFFEE.... and others are waiting with me ..... 45 minutes then my drink is wrong . And then it takes them another 20 minutes to make it ..... like now I just want my money back ...... bc it’s ANOTHER hour of my life literally wasted !!!! I can’t stand it anymore and I realize this post is turning into a rant .   .. Then , A few weeks ago I was  accused of taking drugs bc I was so late to a friends party bc they had to choose me  of all people  to do the errand running 2 hours before the party . And you can bet everything on my list wasn’t at the first or second store . By the time I got everything I needed the grocery store , they had ONE cashier working on a Saturday afternoon, and  in front me with two overflowing carts of groceries was arguing about coupons ..and I had three things I just wanted to check the fuck out . I had been running around all day in unorganized chaos . Then I get to the party and I was accused of doing drugs (like I wish I could say I was after that day ) so I couldn’t even enjoy myself, and also my work went unappreciated , but that is beside the point . . (Once again is it bad luck or adhd?)  I don’t think these examples are adult adhd , I think they are bad luck . But something crazy and minor like these have made me late to work , life , everything ....like how much MORE “extra “ time to I need to “prepare” for a day (making sure I have everything and in completely ready for absolutely anything to go wrong ) ???  I’m that girl at work that truly gets stuck behind an accident , a broken down bus , the police have blocked me in the morning before work and it just puts be being all this time and it’s happening so freaking much people don’t believed me ......   If this is adult adhd I needed something yesterday . I feel so crazy . Someone please help me not feel so alone .
"I took 16 credit hours this summer, so I have three weeks of hot girl summer left lol  Close  9  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  I took 16 credit hours this summer, so I have three weeks of hot girl summer left lol  I’ve had a rough few months, but you know what? It’s going to be ok. Let me just spill the tea on myself.
 Firstly, I have been diagnosed with bipolar depression. However, I’ve been doing so well that for the first time in seven years, I can start to come off being on any type of medication for my mood. My doctor is working on weening me off of my current medication, and I am very pleased with this decision. I feel like I’m experiencing the world differently now that I’m on a very low dosage. I feel like I can feel more. I feel more awake? Like there’s no fog. I don’t know, but I’ve been kind of snappy because I’ve been experiencing a little bit of withdrawal. It’s nothing major. I can handle it, and it’s getting better with time. I have been quite a bitch lately though, but that’s fine because I usually let people walk all over me 🤷🏻‍♀️
 As the title says, I took 16 credit hours this summer. I like to think I have a proactive approach to coping with my symptoms, and one of the best ways of doing this is staying busy for me. I’ll admit there were times I was a tad overwhelmed, but it wasn’t more than I could handle. I’m about to pass all of my classes with an A again.
 My birds died a few weeks ago. They were quite old. I know people have a hard time keeping parakeets because they’re so sensitive, but my Bilbo and Spock lived a whole six years. I miss them a lot, but I think they’d be happy to know I’m taking care of two new birdies.
 I have a lot of stories in my history about my job. I work in a faculty office where I go to college. So maybe you guys won’t be surprised that I got a little too close with one of my professors last semester? We were generally attracted to each other, and it probably wouldn’t have gone as far as it did if I didn’t spend so much time at work where he also happened to be. He asked me out after he submitted my grades (he’s a weirdo so he said “maybe you and I should go out and get some... iced tea”), and I panicked and said no (which was the correct answer btw) and I had doubts, and I missed him, so I sent him an email saying we needed to discuss iced tea because I was very overwhelmed with my emotions. So he said he’d be there (at work) next week. And he never came lol. I consulted coworkers who’ve known him for years and we concluded that he was just unaware that it would hurt my feelings and he will continue being a fuckboy when I see him fall semester. I’m ready, John.
 Lastly, I have lost about 2/3 of my hair in the last year or two. This is devastating for a girl who’s looks are very important to her. We couldn’t figure out what was going on until I went to a doctor the other day and we found out I had an autoimmune disorder. This sucks because it may be hard to treat, but at least I have a real treatment plan now!
 Classes end next week and I shall have three weeks of summer left. I’m going to go on a small vacation and enjoy until next semester."
"My first Elliott Smith song...  Close  29  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  My first Elliott Smith song...  I thought I'd jump on this trend cause it's really wholesome. TW for mention of suicide.
 In 2016 my mental health was going down hill very fast. I'd already survived a suicide attempt but it just kept getting worse. I had a friend (my only friend at the time) who really liked Elliott Smith but I never really got around to listening to him. I was far too low to even consider that anything could be good anymore.
 Around October I had a second suicide attempt. After they discharged me from the local hospital they told me I would have to go to an inpatient program in Sydney (3 hours away from where I lived) While packing my stuff in a hurry I download a shitty copy of self titled that had the whole album as one long track and my beaten up old iPod couldn't pause so I didn't get around to listening to it right away. I ended up being in Sydney for 6 weeks and I listened to that album at least once every day.
 The first time I put it on was just after I had arrived at the ward which was on the seventh floor of a big ugly building that looked out from Kings Cross all the way to the harbour. I would look out the hospital window, 3 hours away from anyone I knew in a city I hadn't been to since I was a kid feeling so completely lost but that album made me feel less alone.
 Listening to that album gave me so much comfort and helped me in the knowledge that at least one person that has walked this earth has felt what I was feeling and had done so much beautiful stuff and made so many peoples lives richer.
 Since then I have been diagnosed with bipolar and I still listen to Elliott whenever I'm feeling wrong. His music has helped me through so many tough times (7 long stay hospital admissions, 4 suicide attempts and countless other awful little things that life has thrown at me) and I can find so much calm now while listening to his music and just watching the world like I did in Sydney."
"Hospitalization  Close  31  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Hospitalization  I've been in a bad place for a long time.  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar type 2 and have struggled with severe treatment resistant depression and suicidal ideation for my entire life (I just turned 52).
 I have gotten to the point where I'm nearly non-functional.  I rarely leave my house, neglect my responsibilities (bill paying, personal hygiene, household chores).
 I've been seeing a psychiatrist and was just approved for Medicaid.  I take medication but it seems like it stopped working long ago.  My psychiatrist is trying to find something new but it's not going well, I seem to react badly to just about everything.
 I really feel like I'm a hopeless case.  At my last psych visit she asked me if she needed to send me to the hospital and I said no, but in truth I think I should probably be there.
 I've never been hospitalized for mental illness and am afraid.  What if it's just one more thing that doesn't work?  I'll be left with even more guilt, more shame, and it will just reinforce my belief that I'm hopeless.  I'm also just afraid of being around unstable people.
 If you've been hospitalized, what happened?  Did you feel safe?  Did it help?  I don't know what to do anymore and I'm so afraid of failing my family again. I've dishonored them so much already because my brain doesn't work. They love me and I hate that I've let them down.
 Thank you for reading this and if you have any answers and are willing to share your experience, I'll be truly grateful."
"My miraculous recovery from chronic mental illness by simply using nutritional supplements  Close  93  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My miraculous recovery from chronic mental illness by simply using nutritional supplements  Disclaimer: I'm not here to promote any specific supplements or claim that I can cure you from your disease. I'm merely narrating my personal experience with supplementation.
 I recently read a book called 'The UltraMind Solution' by Dr. Mark Hyman, and it literally saved my life. I'm not here to promote the book-although you should get it :P- but the message contained in the book is revolutionary and could be life saving.
 I have been suffering from mental illness for all my life. I'm 34 years old, and have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder when i was 25. I struggled with mood problems- depression, anxiety,... you name it- for years and was extremely antisocial. I even dabbled with suicidal thoughts and wanted to kill myself many times. I went to doctors and have tried many forms of medications but they never helped me. I never imagined that simply eating a different diet and taking a few supplements could save my life. But that's exactly what happened.
 The book that I mentioned above recommends many lifestyle changes. It recommends completely changing your diet- no sugar, or trans fats ever, and no dairy or gluten for at least 6 weeks-, it recommends daily exercise, and it recommends using a lot of supplements. I didn't do any of that. The only one thing that I took from the book and applied it to life was using the bare minimum supplement regimen that he recommends for everybody alive (not the full scale supplementing regimen that he recommended for my special needs, which were revealed using his many quizzes). And that alone changed my life.
 The book recommends that everyone alive uses calcium, magnesium, vitamin D3, vitamin B's, Omega 3, probiotics, and a general multivitamin everyday. And that's exactly what I did. And you'd be surprised how strongly they affected me. It only took 3 weeks until I suddenly became a social person. I made up with my family, I started going out again and meeting people. I'm a different person now, and I am shocked! I can't believe that simply using a few supplements could change my thoughts and behaviors so much and in such a short time. And I can't believe that all the doctors I saw throughout those years did not know about this- I'm so disappointed in psychiatry and the pharmaceutical industry.
 Anyways that was me story, what are your comments? Do you have any similar experiences to share? Do you know of a mentally ill person like me who also recovered by simply supplementing his diet with nutrients? Thanks!"
Mixed Episodes?  Close  4  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Mixed Episodes?  So I have been diagnosed with Bipolar for a little over a year now, and my hypomanic episodes (I’ve never been truly manic) have been changing. The first few lasted for just a few days/hours and were mostly euphoric— feeling like I could fly, excessive energy, reckless driving, etc.— but more recently, they’ve been changing. For example, since last Friday, I feel like I’ve been going through some kind of episode. I started off super depressed— more depressed than I’ve ever been in my entire life— but then I all of a sudden felt super on top of the world and productive. Since then, it’s been a mix of up and down where I’ll go a few hours or a day feeling hypomanic— either euphoric or highly, highly irritated— and then sink into a depression for an hour or two, and then become hypomanic again— or what I think is hypomania. I have never been able to sleep well, but a year ago I got prescribed trazodone which is generally pretty helpful, so it’s hard to tell if I’m hypomanic because the medication just knocks me out. Is this normal? I just don’t know if I’m experiencing rapid cycling to the extreme or if it’s mixed episodes or what. I have never been truly sure on what my actual diagnosis is and what to expect, because I’ve switched therapists and psychiatrists a lot and have therefore been told a lot of different information. So basically I’m asking if any of y’all have ever felt this way, and if so, if what it is/your experiences.
"I’m crumbling  Close  1  Posted by  13 days ago  I’m crumbling  I can’t feel happy anymore. I don’t know how to change it. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and it’s really been taking me over. Everyone keeps asking what’s wrong and I don’t even know what wrong. The thing I hate is that everyone can see that I’m different and I can feel it every time I wake up. I can’t even be around anyone without feeling upset or angry, when I’m alone I can feel it even more. I’ll get high and drunk to try to fix it and I’ll feel happy for about 3 seconds when I’m laughing in the moment til I realize how I actually feel. I just wish people could accept I’m not happy right now and I can’t change it when I really wish I could. Nothing makes me feel better anymore. I’m trying really hard to not go buy Xanax to numb this pain or put a blade to my skin and tear myself to feel something besides what’s inside my head. But until then I’ll wipe my tears and smile so no one is worried about me because I’m fine. At least that’s what they can think. I’m so toxic.
 I don’t wanted anyone to say drugs and alcohol doesn’t fix anything , I know that. No I’m not on medication and I know self medication isn’t good. But when it’s the only thing keeping you from doing the things I think about to myself you would do it too."
"a minor mental health victory  i win this time you bipolar bitch!  Close  43  Posted by    just give me some peace and quiet and I’ll do anything you want    11 months ago  Archived  a minor mental health victory  i win this time you bipolar bitch!  i'm not sure what i should title this or flair this with. kinda all over the place. warning for mental health triggers and other things.
  
 i have been diagnosed with bipolar II for a year and a half now. for the most part my symptoms are under control and managed with medicine and therapy. i go bi-weekly for therapy and am on a total of now six medicines. all but one are psych meds. i have been struggling with my weight since last fall bc of one of these meds. i have started taking preventative measures to try and keep the weight off but its of no use i feel. since the fall i have gained about sixty pounds and have developed a full blown eating disorder that is now being treated with medicine as well bc i am unable to control my eating. this is  a side effect of my anti-psychotic that i need to take in order to keep my mania at bay.
  
 try a different med you say? tried it and i was left with tardive dyskinesia so bad i could have passed as a parkinson's patient. so i have tried one other med before because i didn't like the weight gain in the past and had cut it off at about thirty pounds and lost it all immediately once i stopped taking the medicine. my problem now is that i have a choice of staying with the medicine that works for my mania and battle the weight gain and binge eating or try a new medicine with the side effects unknown and possibility of it not being as potent as the current treatment.
  
 so for the time being, my prescriber has added a couple other meds for the binge eating. one has helped but the effects have mainly worn off already. the other one has just been prescribed a couple days ago. it's vyvanse, and as much as i knew going into that appointment it's for adhd. basically legal speed at a low dose. but hey, i'm going to the gym already and trying just about anything else possible to lose weight. i did not go seeking this treatment either. so i'm gonna give it a shot. the prescriber said that it has a secondary use as a medicine for BED (binge eating disorder, which i fully fit the dsm-IV) and is the only medicine for any ED.
  
 Yesterday was day one. i cannot tell anyone, especially my husband how nice it was to not have my day revolve around food for once. in such a long long fucking time i did not worry about eating constantly. i still ate. and probably ate more than i needed to but i did NOT binge and did NOT eat ALL damn day. and it was sooooo nice. i cannot stress this enough to anyone how nice it was to not feel like i was starving all day. it was also pretty cool to not feel so burned out all day from the kids, from other people, from everything. i had energy. i wasn't high, i didn't have a buzz but i felt like what i imagine a normal person feels like. is this how you people feel all the time? no wonder you people are always so damn happy. i would be too if i felt like this.
  
 so you know what? i have hope. hope that i will lose this weight and keep my sanity at the same time.
  
 i'm not so sure what my point of the post was but i just felt like sharing and i would love to hear any other moms that have any experiences with bipolar/vyvanse/BED + kids"
"Abilify, vraylar, APs for bipolar 2 depression?  Close  2  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Abilify, vraylar, APs for bipolar 2 depression?  Hi
 I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2, and read that it is debatable how effective ADs are for the severe depression alongside and whether they worsen/cause cycling in the long run. Although I note some people feel they may be okay with a mood stabiliser alongside.
 As well as a mood stabiliser I'm going to suggest an anti psychotic to treat the depression. I'm thinking low dose abilify, or vraylar (rexulti not available in the UK). Does anyone have experience for using these at a low dose to specifically treat depression whilst trying to avoid hypomania? The only thing that ever worked for me in this respect was riluzole.
 However I'm concerned that these dopamine boosters may 'poop out'? Perhaps I can lengthen the time they are effective by dosing every 2/3 days? (I note they both have long half lives)."
"I'm beginning to wonder if it's time  Close  3  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  I'm beginning to wonder if it's time  On my throwaway that I use to hide things from my ex-wife because she knows my main and uses it to ""check up on me,"" and possibly gaslight me to an extent.
  
 I'm wondering if it's time to end my life. I'm not at the point of acting on it. Yet. I know what that's like, I've been full on suicidal before, but the overwhelming desire to kill myself was over before I had a chance to act on it. I've had noticeable suicidal thoughts for probably ten years. Sometimes they are fairly strong, sometimes they just reside at a low baseline level.
  
 I'm 32 and have been diagnosed with bipolar depression. The medicines I've taken work for about 6 months, and then become gradually less effective. It ruined my marriage, because as it got worse, it changed me. When I first got help, my ex-wife cried at one point because she ""had me back.""
  
 She told me she wanted a divorce about a year ago, and it was finalized a few months ago. After I moved out, I started spiraling. Got a new job, and less than two months in, a month after the divorce, I had a full meltdown. Checked myself into the hospital, and was sent to a short term in patient unit. I was there for a week, and didn't have a job when I came out. I stayed with her a few days (the hospital required I have somewhere to stay that wasn't alone for safety reasons) to settle a few things, and then moved back to my hometown and in with my parents.
  
 The bills have been stacking up and I have literally no money because I'm unemployed. I've been told to abandon any hope of getting back into my old career and just look for jobs in retail, because I screwed up in my last two jobs.
  
 My sleep schedule is totally messed up. I can't sleep at night, and then pass out during the day. I can sometimes get it fairly normalized for a week or so, but then it hits again. If I'm not exhausted, then my mind keeps going, filling me with dread and constant thoughts of what a failure I am. My parents make fun of me for spending most of my waking hours on my phone, but if I don't keep myself distracted, those thoughts come to the forefront. I don't know if he realizes it, but my relationship with my dad is getting worse. It used to be really good, but now I'm kind of afraid to see him, because every few days I get a lecture about how I need to find a job and go see a doctor, like I don't know that. He'll ask me to go to the store with him, and I'm worried the entire time, because I'm expecting another lecture. He says he doesn't know what I'm going through, but then still acts like I can just up and fix it. I talked to my sister the other day about things going on in my head (she lives here too, but is much closer to getting out that I am), in what I thought was confidence. The next day my dad talks to me about some of the things I said to her.
  
 I don't want to tell anyone how I'm really feeling, because I am afraid they'll send me back to an in patient unit, and I don't want to go. Literally the only people I could talk to would have some ability to do that or something at least as bad. There's my ex-wife, who could probably go to court to make it so I can't see my son, there's my sister, who could tell my parents, and there are my parents. Even though I'm an adult, I'm fairly certain there are some avenues where they could have me committed. In terms of friends, I don't really have any. There's Ex-best friend #1, who is now engaged to my ex, so certainly would tell her what I say, and there's ex-best friend #2, who despite saying the entire time I was away from my hometown that he wished/wanted me to come back, has evaded literally every time we made plans together, and pretty much doesn't talk to me unless I initiate, and sometimes not even then. More than once, he's gone a week plus without responding to me.
  
 My ex lives three hours away and has custody of my son, so it's still fairly easy for me to see him, even though I'm not 15 minutes away anymore. I've even gotten to take him home a couple of times since moving back, but she won't let me do so if my parents aren't on vacation, because she ""isn't afraid I'll hurt him, but she is afraid I'll get too frustrated"". She's talking about moving to a place that is 10 hours away next year, and has threatened to take me to court if I don't give her the written permission she needs to move out of state with my son. Included in that threat was informing the court of my mental illness and trying to get them to bar me from seeing him at all.
  
 Very few things make me happy anymore. They are mostly just distractions, and the pleasure I gain from them doesn't last more than a few minutes. I had a thought recently that I almost hope my sports teams don't win a championship anytime soon, because after the high of that wore off, it'd be one less thing I wanted to live to see (I've seen one championship for one of my teams, and it was when I was a kid, the others have none). Pictures and videos of my son are the most effective things at bringing me happiness.
  
 As to other reasons I'm beginning to think it may be time, part of it is due to the low number of people who will be hurt by it. My parents obviously, though I think they'd understand to an extent, and be able to heal. My sister is the one I worry about. She was a serious hard drug user, and got in lots of trouble. She got clean after a long time, and has been for a couple of years. Losing me might send her back down that road. My son is not even 2 yet. He wouldn't understand the loss, and wouldn't remember me (God that hurts to write), but it's not like he'll be able to know me as much more than a voice on the phone or a picture on a phone screen if my wife takes him away. My ex's fiance will probably end up being that father figure either way regardless. He loves my son. What time will I get with him anyway? A week in the summer, and maybe one in the winter? I'm entitled to Father's Day and every other holiday rotating years, but that's not feasible if he if so far away. My winter week would probably be either Thanksgiving or Christmas (rotating), and maybe have my summer week be the 4th of July, but what about everything else I'll miss? Taking him Trick-or-treating on Halloween, for example. Taking him to a baseball game I suppose could be done during my Summer week, but with such limited time, what about something like a spontaneous road trip, like out of town to a hockey game? Or on the road trip that I took when I was a kid to the city my dad is from, stopping half way to do a couple of touristy things that are on the way?
  
 Wow, I was fine until writing that last paragraph, then I started crying.
  
 I've been writing for an hour now. Maybe I just needed to get all of this out. It's been building inside of me with no outlet. Thank you, honestly, for reading."
Help Me get through this.  Serious  Close  6  Posted by    16    11 months ago  Archived  Help Me get through this.  Serious  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Depression and I need help getting through the times where I am low. I need help desperately. I am not suicidal but I don’t want to risk reaching that point to find help. My family has tried to help me but there are some things I can’t seem to find a way to tell them. Please help me in the comments or send me a DM anything will help at this point.
"A short positive story  Close  47  Posted by   BP2   1 year ago  Archived  A short positive story  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 for a little less than a year. I just started taking lithium along with abilify which I was already on. The difference is ridiculous. I haven’t felt this good in years. I just signed up to go back to college and will be starting with a class this summer! I also did laundry and have started watching tv again, two things I hadn’t done in several weeks.
 So yeah, I’m pretty excited. Here’s hoping this mood change sticks around for a while haha."
Bipolar and the psych eval  QUESTIONS/SELF  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Bipolar and the psych eval  QUESTIONS/SELF  I just applied for a 911 operator position so I obviously haven't gotten very far yet. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for which I take medication. Is this disqualifying for the psych eval?
"One day I feel like life is pointless, the next I feel like it's worth it.  Close  8  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  One day I feel like life is pointless, the next I feel like it's worth it.  My head is literally all over the place. Some days I feel like life isn't worth living. I don't care whether or not it's meaningless, nobody knows it's meaning and we aren't going to for a long time; I don't care about that. I'm not trying to sound selfish, but I feel like life isn't worth living because sometimes I feel like  my  life has nothing going for it. I figure, ""what's the point? Life isn't fun anyway. I have no reason to live"".
 Then other days I feel like life is worth a shot. I feel like life  is  worth living, that maybe there is hope for me. While most days consist of the former, I can't help but wonder why my mind is constantly doing 180's. I've seen a number of psychologists and therapists in my life and never have been diagnosed with bipolar of any kind, nor do I experience ""mood swings"", going from irritable and agitated to happy and friendly. It's my viewpoint on life that changes. It's a matter of whether or not I feel like it's worth living.
 I don't have a goal with this post really, just wanted to put this out there and see if anyone else can relate or see what others have to say."
"Psychosocial Rehabilitation question. Should I even deal with these people?  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Psychosocial Rehabilitation question. Should I even deal with these people?  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder. I'm on disability. It's been truly an uphill battle trying to find a psychiatrist and therapist that accept my insurance near my house since I moved to Homestead, FL two years ago. I've been driving over an hour for services. So, I heard about a psychosocial rehab place about 30 minutes away. They offer outpatient services as well as the psycorehab.
 I finally called today, but I'm wondering. The man I spoke to was quite rude. They only accept people with Medicaid (which I have) and with a serious mental health condition. (I have to prove my diagnosis before I'm accepted - my previous psychiatrist will have to send them paperwork).
 He mentioned transportation. I'm fairly independent and have my own car. He said that might be a problem because of their limited parking spaces. But I could drive myself the first time and decide. I DO not want to rely on public transportation. It's a nightmare.
 And to utilize outpatient services, I'd have to either have an intensive case management or attend the program at least three days a week for 5 hours each day. I was planning on going to the program two days a week. And if I have crazy anxiety or for some reason can't make it, boom - no more psych or therapy. I have a terrible fear of commitment. Part of the reason I'm on disability and don't work.
 It just almost sounds like more of a hassle than it's worth.
 Thoughts?"
"Fearful of forgetting memories  Close  5  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Fearful of forgetting memories  I am very afraid of forgetting memories. What I mean by that is that memories fade with time, and you don't remember all the little details and emotions that come along with them after a while.
 I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I went out last night to the plaza with some people. They informed me that 2 girls were checking me out, so I mustered up all the courage I could get, said screw it, and introduced my myself.
 Long story short, the 2 girls and I went to the mall today and had a great time. I want to remember this day forever, but I am paranoid that it will lose its luster and shine over time.
 Basically, how do you get rid of the fear of losing your memories? Thanks for reading"
"ECT - Who's done a course on the electric chair?  Advice  Close  1  Posted by   Bipolar 1   9 months ago  Archived  ECT - Who's done a course on the electric chair?  Advice  So, for background I have been diagnosed with Bipolar I w/mixed features (also forms of anxiety, panic, odd, and ptsd along with a myriad of physical conditions). I've been on any number of treatment regimens going back more than 15 years. We will find a good cocktail and then it will stop working. Over and over.
 My pdoc recently brought up the potential of an inpatient admit for a full course of electro convulsive therapy (ECT). Three treatments a week for upto four weeks depending on my response. I told her I'd think about it. Initially, it scared the shit out of me, but I'm not sure now.
 My first objection is the inpatient stay. Being on a locked psych ward is intimidating. From everything I've read, the experience can be really good and helpful or really bad and exacerbate existing issues. Thoughts on this, or your personal experience?
 The second is the gut reaction most people have to ECT. It has a  huge  stigma to it, but is that stigma really deserved? All mental health issues, particularly bipolar and schizophrenia have that same kind of stigma and it's often not warranted. ECT is not the lying awake being shocked pain dest it is made out to be in movies. The fact that you're asleep and paralyzed is somewhat comforting. The fact that they are intentionally triggering a seizure actually makes some sense since many mood stabilizers are anticonvulsants. Then you simply wake up. The biggest risk seems to be memory loss, but no long term damage or permanent loss. So, I guess my question is, have (or someone you directly know well) tried it? What was it like? Did it help? Do you have to go for 'maintenance' ECT treatments?"
I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and PTSD ama.  Close  2  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and PTSD ama.  Iwas diagnosed at age 16, I don't have psychosis but I do have delusions
"What if I told you...cannabis, used medicinally, has opened my mind, after a lifetime of thinking I believed, to the reality of Jesus and the truths found in scripture?  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  What if I told you...cannabis, used medicinally, has opened my mind, after a lifetime of thinking I believed, to the reality of Jesus and the truths found in scripture?  ...and what if I told you I have never felt so clear-headed, so alive, so much like the new creation as I do now? Connections have been made, severed so long ago that I literally forgot they existed. My capacity to empathize with people has increased exponentially. I find myself working a strange alchemy that transmutes apathy into an honest desire to make a stranger smile, to make him laugh, to make her feel comfortable enough not to fear me...I have become more honest with and accessible to  my wife and children. When I listen to music I don't hear the notes or the chords or the sound of the voice, I hear personalities and souls, many of whom have accompanied me on my journey since before I could read. I read the bible with more insight and perception than I can ever remember. I find myself wanting to raid all the philosophy books on my kindle to find out if I can read those with the same drastically improved clarity. My anxiety is gone. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and though I do not think I have been cured of it, I do believe that smoking Super Silver Haze and accepting Jesus for Who He says He is has produced therapeutic results that I can only pray are for the long haul. I could go on and I will elsewhere because I realize I am called to write down these things that come to me in this uplifted condition. I resisted it for a long time and used my illness as an excuse. Jesus has used the Holy Spirit to eradicate that roadblock. In case you need to know, I'm 57 years old and from the time I was 23 (1985) until  the summer of June 2008 there wasn't a 7 year period within which I wasn't committed to a state hospital. There was a time I would have been embarrassed to admit that. But now I see what Paul meant when he spoke of boasting in his weaknesses. So I'm boasting in one of mine. I need medical marijuana. I'm so grateful to the people in the state in which I reside for legalizing medical marijuana so that I might find this particular strain....which I've smoked before and obtained similar results, insomuch as it provided a great illuminating experience. If I can keep from developing a tolerance and maintain a steady supply (hoping to grow my own) I think I will have found the key which unlocks emotional wellness, allowing for greater spiritual discernment, and finally overcome bipolar disorder to the glory and praise of my beloved friend and saviour JESUS CHRIST. All praise to His holy name. Amen.
  
 Edit: Changed a factual snafu. I said I'd been in mental institutions from 85 to 2016, when in truth it was 2008. This reflects that there have been 11 years since I have had any psychiatric issues. Yes, I still take meds. No, I don't plan on stopping. It's a longer gap than usual and in that time I have had ample opportunity to observe both my mental stability as well as numerous strains of medical marijuana. I found one that works. Too bad not everyone sees that as a victory for Jesus and hence myself."
"Could you tell me a story of your manic episode?  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Could you tell me a story of your manic episode?  I recently experienced my first manic episode at 29 years of age and have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.  Although I only experienced the high of the 2 extremely opposite poles, and only once, it has really changed my perspective on life.  I have been trying to figure out what has caused it, why it happened, and why it reflected in the imagery, sensations and events that it did.  I can not seem to find any information of personal experience and I'm curious how a manic episode takes shape for someone else.  I would love to hear your stories for some perspective, and maybe we could all learn something new from one another.
 For me it felt like a very very long surreal dream (it lasted 4 days to be exact) and there is so much to tell! I hope to share my full story in a short book this year, and maybe an online reading.
 I encourage you to to be honest, no judgement here.
 Best,
 E"
"Libido after excision surgery  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Libido after excision surgery  I had my first laparoscopic procedure back in January. It went well with the exception of an endometrioma encompassing left ovary which was drained but not removed. The pain has been greatly reduced but still present especially during menses. In addition to this, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder (hooray) and have started a regimen of  a mood stabilizer, antidepressant,  and antianxiety.
 After not being sexually active with my partner for about six months, I'm finding it difficult to find my groove again. I used to be insatiable. Now my libido is just gone.
 How do I find it again? How can my partner and I work on this together? I do have an OB appointment coming up in a month. What questions should I bring up with him?
 Thank you!"
"Me [23 F] with my bipolar problem  Personal issues  Close  0  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Me [23 F] with my bipolar problem  Personal issues  Can't be bothered with a throwaway as people will know it's me anyway, so...ha ha.
 I'm 23, and have been diagnosed with bipolar, borderline personality disorder and anxiety and depression. (I'm a walking tightrope, yay!) My medications have stopped working since January and asides from a psychologist's appointment this Friday, I...don't know how to manage my bipolar. There's someone I love dearly, and I've put her through so much emotional duress with my bipolar, as when I don't feel like I get enough attention, I seek it out in other ways.
 (Mostly going on dating sites to get attention and then deactivating the account when I realize this isn't the attention I want or it's too shallow.) I play a few mobile games to pass the time and have been busy with a particular one for 75 days. (FGO for those wondering).
 ...Does anyone have any coping strategies for bipolar that I can do in the meantime? My medication helped with my bpd and the rest, but not my bipolar. I hate this part of me and I wish I never had it.
 tl;dr
 Having bipolar issues and not sure where to turn to/how to manage them."
"Bipolar and ADHD comorbidity  General Question  Close  6  Posted by   Bipolar 1   1 year ago  Archived  Bipolar and ADHD comorbidity  General Question  Helo,
 I have been diagnosed with bipolar type 1 since 2014. But I never felt that the treatment covered the entire spectrum of what was ailing me.
 So recently I started seeing a psychologist and she decided to refer me to a psy doc. to investigate the possibility of  also having ADHD. I honestly felt some relief that there is something to be done and that there is hope.
 I am going to see this new psy doc. on Sunday. Meanwhile I have been reading about Bipolar and ADHD comorbidity and apparently it is much more common than I thought.
 I would really like to hear of any of you gals'/guys' experiences if you have both bipolar and ADHD.
 My major concern is that the ADHD meds will trigger a manic episode. I was wondering if anyone here can placate those concerns.
 Thank you"
"Weed and mental health conditions?  Close  2  Posted by  12 months ago  Archived  Weed and mental health conditions?  Sorry for the format, I'm on my phone.
 I have considered many times quitting weed but every time I have, it's been difficult to curb my emotions and not go out of control. I have a few mental health issues and have been diagnosed with bipolar 1, OCD and PTSD. When I am off weed, I can get super manic, spun up, and often be way too much for people. It also makes my depression barrable. (Depending on strain, I tend to me careful) I quit drinking two and a half years ago and LOVE not drinking. Drinking would make my mood swings worse and nearly uncontrollable. Since then, I have gotten loads of therapy, currently a weekly 12-step meeting attendee, and work with my Psychiatrist and Therapist often and have stayed on my psych meds for two years. I have slowed way down on smoking, but when I have laid off for a while I get to be 'too intense' for my friends and support people. I know there are pharmaceuticals that are supposed to help, but all other drugs have made me a Zombie and not be 'myself'. I'm so torn. I am open to advice, experience, support and anything anyone can offer. And AMA. TIA 💕"
"Unable to recall childhood memories  Close  4  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Unable to recall childhood memories  I was definitely subjected to emotional abuse most of my adolescent / young adult years . I have a few fragmented memories of a stressful young childhood (under 8 years old I would say).
 I’ve been silently trolling this sub , I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 for about six years . Last year ,. I experienced the sudden loss of my mother to cancer and my uncle took his life days later . Also in this week of time , my then fiancé broke up with me which caused me to move and up root my life . OH and if it couldn’t get any worse . My job was over my “personal drama “ and fired me “reluctantly” . The bright side is they have given me a good reference since .  Anyway ..
 My current therapist thinks the traumatic events in the last year my have caused me to have all 9 BPD symptoms .. the most troubling for me are the more than aggressive mood swings , explosive anger , unstable /lack of relationships and valuable ones . I spend entire weekends alone . I get invited and uninvited places due to my “behavior” (i say it this way bc no one ever defines it they just call it ‘behavior’ and it’s fucking annoying . ) I am pretty much in a constant state of mania .
 I also seem to have a few symptoms of schizophrenia.
 My point is all three of these illnesses have a correlation with childhood abuse or stress . The thing is I can’t quite remember . One of my uncles we spent a lot of time with when I was younger was accused of abuse to my cousin on the other side of the family . How can I go about trying to recover these memories ? Any thoughts on this subject are welcome .
 31 F -bipolar 1
  (Edit: I am taking all medications and attending all therapy as required by my provider : 3mg vraylar, 40 mg lexapro , 1.25mg Pramipexole, 100 mg Lamotrigine . And 1 mg Ativan 2x daily or as needed.)"
Girlfriend [F20] of 3 Years Dumped me [M19] Because I No Longer Make Her Happy  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Girlfriend [F20] of 3 Years Dumped me [M19] Because I No Longer Make Her Happy  This girl and I have a pretty funny story actually. When we were both teenagers we worked at KFC together, we were never really friends when we worked together but we would talk, help each other with duties, normal coworker stuff ya know? I always thought she was a little cutie but never acted on it just being a shy person and all. One day there was a regular dinner rush, I was working front till but also had to have a drive thru headset on. My then friend was annoying me my making random noises into his own headset to annoy me so I was already on edge a bit, some fat white old lady was giving me tons of lip while i took her order so i snapped. I took my uniform off and said “fuck this fucking job i quit” on my way out she tried to stop me and calm me down but i didn’t listen and i left anyways, never to see this girl again until one day at a gas station funny enough located not even a block away from this KFC. a few years had passed, i was with my friend at the time (a different friend than the first) and we both noticed her bright green car right away (she had a lime green ford fiesta that everyone in the town knew it seemed. it was a small town) i remember talking to her vaguely in the gas station but i do remember thinking “damn, she’s really fucking cute.” from that moment on she was always on my mind, it ended up in us oh so 21st century starting to talk on snapchat. one thing led to another and one night i ended up leaving a family and friends thanksgiving dinner a bit early so i could go and hang out with her for the first time. she came over, we hung out watched a movie with owen wilson where his family was trapped in a hotel in a different country or something? anyways it doesn’t matter. later in the night we were cuddling and kissing, i asked if she wanted to take her shirt off and continue and i was met with “sure but it has to be a quicky” as it was already passed 12am at this point. i was a virgin up until this point, we banged early into the morning then she had to go. i didn’t even plan for it to happen but it did. little did it know that was hugely out of character for her. i struggle with depression, anxiety and some mood swings from my mom having been diagnosed with bipolar. this made it very hard for me actually open up to this girl and show her the real me, not even gonna front here, the real me isn’t the greatest, i tend to overthink, i smoke a lot of weed to feel better, not that it does make me feel better anymore. i’m depressed, i’m pessimistic and i always overthink everything to death. long story short over the 3 years i really got to secure with the idea that she would never leave me no matter what, i got caught up in my own misery i didn’t even realize i was losing her, i slipped up time and time again and she finally broke, she finally told me all the hurt she holds in because of me and i’m broken. since she told me this on friday my life has been in a spiral, we’re being very mature about it which is hard. she still lives with me in the same room and sleeps in the same bed, she still wants to be friends but has put up with my problems for too long. she says maybe in a few years we can try again when i’ve worked on improving myself and coping with my emotions better. the fact that this is even an option i’m being presented is a blessing to me but i’m scared she’s only saying that to give me comfort when i need it the most. she’s the only light in my life and i don’t know i’m going to continue without her. i’m sorry if this is full of spelling errors and jumps all over the place but my brain is just a mess. i know i could of done better and should of done better, she knows how sorry i am but she just doesn’t feel the same anymore. i guess i just want to know how i can healthily deal with this. my first instinct is to be really self destructive but i know this is the exact reason why she’s leaving and i need a better way. thank you if you somehow managed to read all of this. if you have anymore questions i will try to answer.
"TDRL to PDRL medical retirement at 50% disability rating - but I'm worried  VA Disability  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  TDRL to PDRL medical retirement at 50% disability rating - but I'm worried  VA Disability  Hello hello, a few days ago I got my AF Form 356. I learned that I have been recommended for medical retirement, at 50% - it dropped from my initial 70% on the TDRL. Now, I am actually reasonably okay with this - free VA health care, not worrying constantly about somehow losing all my benefits, etc. I feel that my psychiatrist did his due diligence, and I was always honest about my highs and lows (I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder) and attempts to find myself firm footing.
 That said, I have some questions causing me to worry. If you guys can clarify these for me, I would really appreciate it! :)
   Now that I'm on PDRL, is it the DoD or the VA that will be sending me my payments? My understanding is that VA (what I've been getting on TDRL) is tax-free, but DoD is not.
   I'm doing my best to focus primarily on graduating college so I can be employed in some reasonable capacity once my Post 9/11 GI Bill runs out. That said, I am TERRIFIED that I will crash hard via some combination of dealing with bipolar disorder and depression/stress/failing difficult courses. The last thing I want is to find myself in a rapid downward spiral, yet again. So should the downward spiral commence (which I am hoping to God it doesn't - I want to feel somewhat normal), would I be able to open another claim, requesting a higher disability rating along with submitting new evidence of said bad things? (Note: if that's what it's called; maybe it would be an appeal instead?)
   I haven't actually signed off on the AF Form telling me I now have 50% disability rating. I feel like I definitely shouldn't rock the boat and put myself under a sword of Damocles waiting for a higher (or potentially lower) rating, but maybe I'm missing something?
   Thanks for reading!"
"I have been diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder  Close  12  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder  So I posted here a while back about a potential bipolar disorder diagnosis. I was semi-in-denial as to it all, as my mood is generally low/depressed and 95% of the time I feel consistently blue, and it seemed like 2.5% of the time I was depressed to the point of suicide. I found bipolar a weird possibility because I never remembered any periods of extreme happiness as such.
 Turns out it is very easy to misunderstand bipolar by what you hear/see in the media and read on the Internet.
 I have not suffered a manic episode but now have two confirmed hypomanic periods, that usually last 3 weeks or so at a time and often follow the introduction of SSRIs or an increase in medication. I get like 3 weeks of feeling on cloud 9, like the drug is a miracle worker and I'm ""cured""... super motivated, enthusiastic, so many ideas running through my head. It is perfect... for 3 weeks or so. During these periods I just feel happy and productive/motivated - it is other people including my family, and more recently my boss, that has noticed that my behaviour was becoming inappropriate and over the top and started us looking further in to bipolar. So I really ought to thank them, because for me those periods felt great - but for other people they were really troubling and uncomfortable.
 But then the honeymoon period ends anyway, and I become agitated, anxious and then depressed, either my ""baseline depression"" or my really low cannot get out of bed or get washed depressed. The ""I'm Googling for local buildings that are tall enough to jump from"" depressed. And it feels like the honeymoon period with the anti-depressants was just a drug induced, chemical, fake happiness. It has never lasted longer than a few weeks... the depression lasts for months.
 The psychiatrist I saw has diagnosed me with bipolar II disorder, and has suggested starting Seroquel 25mg twice a day, and slowly tapering up over 2-3 weeks to the point of 400mg Seroquel per day.
 He also mentioned that because my depression is most prominent, we need to consider changing anti-depressants once my mood is stablised on the Seroquel. He did not suggest what anti-depressant we may consider changing as I have to wait for 7 days for a full Psychiatric report to be posted out to me, and he is working his way through my past 6 or so anti-depressants which did not work to try and find one that is suitable for bipolar, and has good reports of efficacy whilst not giving me horrific side effects such as 3st weight gain on citalopram. 5 out of 6 anti-depressants have caused anorgasmia, which is annoying, but I am used to it. I just don't want an anti-depressant which will make me get absolutely huge in weight as I know Seroquel is already associated with weight gain.
 So, just to get this off my chest, and to chat whilst I am waiting for my full Psych report. Has anyone/is anyone taking Seroquel as a mood stabiliser for bipolar II? If so what anti-depressants are you taking alongside it? I know some won't be available in my country on the NHS (I am in England), but I have now given in and started paying for private Psychiatric help as I was on the verge of losing my job and stressing my family out. It was $530 for the assessment and I hope they can find an anti-depressant that will work on the NHS, but if not, I am willing to try other drugs on a Private Prescription if they are particularly good (i.e. a few of you say the same drug) for Bipolar II and coupled with Seroquel.
 Again I know you're not my doctor :) I just have to wait 7-10 days for the full report, and I am wondering what options are out there for Bipolar II that I haven't tried already (fluoxetine, citalopram, mirtazapine, sertraline) and what may work well with the Seroquel. Just so I can get a feel for what to expect. I am dreading being but back on citalopram and would refuse to take it ever again.
 Thanks guys. This is a club I never exactly wanted to be part of, but now I have a diagnosis, I am so relieved in that maybe I will finally get a treatment plan that works for me .... or at least tries to, rather than just being classed as depressed and going from one AD to another only to have 3 weeks of intense happiness followed by 9 months of shittiness. Thanks everyone."
"Brother (m23) kicked door in on me(20m) and girlfriend (20f)  Close  26  Posted by  7 days ago  Brother (m23) kicked door in on me(20m) and girlfriend (20f)  A little backstory, my brother smokes dabs all day in his room, he sets the smoke alarm off very often. Well recently I decided I wanted to try some cannabis so I asked my girlfriend if they could bring something when they came over. She brought something rolled and we smoked in my room, I know it’s a bad idea. Well my brother texted me and said to not do it again because our mom would smell it. Now she knows he smokes, I know, everyone in our near family knows. That was it for the night and nothing else happened.
 The next afternoon I went upstairs to see if we had anything to eat and he confronts me again. He says some shit about how he’s a gentleman because he does dabs. I say I’m sorry and that I’ll smoke outside if I do it again. I walk downstairs and he says “Oh your walking away from me?” And I continue downstairs. I’m a little shaken up so I try to come down from it.
 My girlfriend and I are sitting in bed, both of us in underwear and the door is locked. I hear shuffling around followed by the sound of empty cans and other things being thrown around. Without warning, or even a knock I hear a loud crashing sound. My locked door was now open. My brother was standing there and yells “What, you think you can lock me out motherfucker?” He then slams the door shut hard enough to create a wind current. He storms out of the house.
 At this point my girlfriend and I are both shaking, like we can’t stand. We both have  some trauma related to doors being busted in. We put on clothes and walk out the backdoor and I drive her back to her dorm. My brother is texting me the whole time. Here are some excerpts:
 [I should have just beat the fuck out of both of you, so then the two of you could really have something to be “anxious” about ] [You are big fucking fake dude, you aren’t depressed, depressed people don’t fuck as much as you do] [I want to spit in your fuckin dumb face] There are many more but these are some of the worst.
 I was considering not even going home but I did anyway. He wasn’t back yet and my mom was. I asked her if she knew anything about it she said she knew he kicked the door in. I told her I smoke which she just says “Smoke outside next time”. I go to sleep and nothing else arises. The next morning my brother walks into my room apologizing profusely and how he’s so sorry, and that he wouldn’t have done it if he knew my girlfriend was there.
 my girlfriend later went into a dissociative state because of PTSD and I had to hold them while they cried because of him.  He leaves my room and I don’t hear from him the rest of the day. Now he’s done something very similar multiple times, apologizing the next day, going as far as to buy gifts or make a big meal. I honestly don’t know what to do In this situation, I’m pretty sure the texts alone would be enough for a case. Or enough to get him impatient and possibly diagnosed with something. My father, his mother, her two sisters and, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. so I’m guessing there’s a good chance my brother might have it. Looking for input.
 TL;DR: brother kicked in door on my girlfriend and I because we were smoking weed while he does dabs all day. He sent multiple threats over text and apologized the next day."
"I’m worried about my mental health. Need some kind of advice please.  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   9 months ago  Archived  I’m worried about my mental health. Need some kind of advice please.  I’m a 19 y/o female, I weigh 130lbs, I’m 5’5, I am not on any medication besides birth control, I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2, general anxiety disorder, and borderline personality disorder. I smoke weed regularly, and I quit smoking cigarettes this year and switched to vaping.
 This is going to be a long one but please read it. I want to give a full picture of what I’m dealing with.
 I developed an eating disorder about a year ago. I was eating 0-500 calories a day, every day. I became really anxious about food. It was about losing weight at first, and then it became a fear even though I knew I was becoming extremely unhealthy. I lost over 60 pounds in 7-8 months and stayed at my lowest weight (125) for the remainder of that time.
 During that time I became extremely anxious and paranoid. I hear and see things that aren’t there, I have a constant feeling that someone is watching and listening to me, I have at least 1-3 anxiety meltdowns a month. I am in recovery for the eating disorder, I have been slowly gaining weight back, but it still effects my mental.
 The first one, I became violent. I was crying for an hour or so, hyperventilating the entire time, started hurting myself and throwing my phone at walls and on the ground multiple times in a row. I also called my boyfriend around 50 times and facetimed him about 20 times. It was triggered by him saying he didn’t want to hang out with me that day. I felt rejected.
 Now when they happen, I zone out completely and start hyperventilating. I become almost completely unresponsive to outside stimuli and shut down. I’ll start crying and I won’t be able to breathe. The lack of oxygen makes my hands, face, legs, and feet go numb from how long I hyperventilate. Eventually I’ll break and start talking but it’s all garbled and you can’t understand anything I’m saying, but I’m freaking out and crying and rambling and I can’t breathe right. It takes me about 30-40 minutes to completely calm down. They come out of nowhere and nothing triggers them. They happen when I’m alone, at work, with my boyfriend, anywhere.
 On multiple occasions, I’ve heard screaming, laughter, talking, loud banging noises and fighting when I’m completely alone and it’s silent in my house. I’ll call my boyfriend and he can’t hear any of it but I can hear it clearly. I’ve seen bugs on my walls that aren’t actually there, I’ve seen and felt bugs in my skin too.
 I have awful intrusive thoughts. Every time I come home, I can only think about opening my front door and seeing blood everywhere and my family’s severed heads in my room and the bathroom. I have a fear that I’ll lift the toilet seat and see my mom’s head. When I think them, I see it in my head and it scares me a lot. If I drive by a car wreck I’ll imagine that it’s my boyfriend in the wreck and I’ll become almost become inconsolable.
 I have suicidal thoughts often, and have almost acted on them a couple times in the past year. I was hospitalized 2 times when I was 15 for suicide attempts. One of the attempts was triggered by someone being mean to me online, I couldn’t handle it.
 I am scared that my mental health is declining rapidly. I feel like I’m going insane and losing my grip. It was never this bad before, I used to just be anxious about people judging me and going to work and school, and I’d get really sad when people were mean to me. But it wasn’t ever like this. I’m just really scared at this point and I need advice please."
"addictions  Close  12  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  addictions  A little background about myself. My name is Michael. I am 28 years old and live in the USA. I have been diagnosed with bipolar for 8 months but lord knows ive been bipolar all my life. I have 2 addictions, they are video games and weed. They basically run my life. I have friends who do them but they aren't addicted, they're functioning adults even though they smoke and/or play video games. Some thoughts on this; What is the cycle of addiction and bipolar? Maybe it is that at some point in the cycle, you need help mentally, like anything to feel good because you're in the depressive part of the cycle, or maybe you're in the manic part and HAVE to do something ""cool"" and ""fun"" so either way you go to your addiction, your life force, what keeps you here. Then because of this and through this, you're addicted to something.
 But like, so what? I'm just speaking out loud here, but I love my addictions. I don't want to quit them. I play league of legends, and smoke weed. I love doing it. Am I really happy while doing those two things? Deep down, I know the answer is ""not really"", BUT AT LEAST I am not drowning in despair. My addictions keep me from going over the deep end, they are what make life ""okay"". Isn't it acceptable to use these things for my own benefit?
 However this brings me to my next thought. Do I over-use them? I play league for like, 7 hours a day on average. I smoke CONSTANTLY. I'm high right now as I type this. At work. Was late because I woke and toked, played League for 2 hours, THEN came to work. My boss isn't happy with me. My addictions are a hindrance to my life, as you can see.
 Are video games and weed ruining my life? Probably. Will I regret it someday? I already do, and will probably continue to further regret they're use as I get older. But they're also saving me.
 Therefore I, like any other addict out there, don't know what to do.
 If I decide to quit.
   Will life be bleak and dull or will it refill itself with other things?
   Will I just find a new addiction? I heard it's impossible to ""quit"" addictions, one has to REPLACE addictions.
   When I am drowning in bipolar, which is often, what do I use as a crutch instead of my addictions. I use video and games to ESCAPE! I escape from reality all the time because it is so vicious for me because I am bipolar. I see the world as hell, everything is horrible because I am depressed. When I am in this place, and I need to run away and can't use my addictions anymore, what do I do? That is the time when I would relapse, not knowing what to do but needing something to help me escape my problems.
   What about quitting addictions would improve my life?
   I look at this as a cost/benefit ratio question. Simply put; is the cost of quitting my addictions worth all the work it will be? I will be missing out 100% on the things that I ""love"", being League of Legends and marijuana, and I will have to put in a lot of work finding new things to spend my life doing. And I probably wont find them as much fun as my addictions! Fuck that man, why the hell should I quit? What makes it worth it? I can't find an answer man."
"Lithium and mood stabilisation.  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Lithium and mood stabilisation.  Hey guys, I have been diagnosed with bipolar affective disorder and put on lithium, for 2 weeks no, i'm on 500mg and it pretty much has no effect, also on latuda(anti-psychotic, 1 month) 40mg and seroquel IR (3 months) 200mg (sleep).
 It almost feels like my hypomania can't be stopped with this combo. Wouldn't a significant amount of my dopamine be blocked at this point?How can I be constantly hypomanic for 6 days and be on lithium, my friend tried 250mg and was FLOORED.He said he felt extremely dedated and drunk, clurring his words etc and sleeping for like 12-14 hours, I'm lucky to get 7 hours sleep myself..
 I understand i'm tolerant to seroquel and probably getting used to latuda but this is ridiculous, I've had serious arguments with friends, coworkers and family due to my expansive mindset and irritability/rages. (usually at retards at work, or stupid people in public, Iwould like to believe its justified, since theyre retards, but even that sounds like a hypomanic thing to say.
 Anyway, send your experiences to this space, I'm keen to get an idea of how other people experience such combinations, especially the lithium side of things, thanks for taking the time to read this :)"
Quick question  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Quick question  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 (whether I really have it is up for discussion) I've never had any highs or lows or mania. Anyways I read that if your bipolar you shouldn't microdose. Will it really affect me in a bad way?
"Not being able to recall abuse as child  Close  2  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Not being able to recall abuse as child  I was definitely subjected to emotional abuse most of my adolescent / young adult years . I have a few fragmented memories of a stressful young childhood (under 8 years old I would say).
 I’ve been silently trolling this sub , I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 for about six years . Last year ,. I experienced the sudden loss of my mother to cancer and my uncle took his life days later . Also in this week of time , my then fiancé broke up with me which caused me to move and up root my life . OH and if it couldn’t get any worse . My job was over my “personal drama “ and fired me “reluctantly” . The bright side is they have given me a good reference since .  Anyway ..
 My current therapist thinks the traumatic events in the last year my have caused me to have all 9 BPD symptoms .. the most troubling for me are the more than aggressive mood swings , explosive anger , unstable /lack of relationships and valuable ones . I spend entire weekends alone . I get invited and uninvited places due to my “behavior” (i say it this way bc no one ever defines it they just call it ‘behavior’ and it’s fucking annoying . ) I am pretty much in a constant state of mania .
 I also seem to have a few symptoms of schizophrenia.
 My point is all three of these illnesses have a correlation with childhood abuse or stress . The thing is I can’t quite remember . Once of my uncles was accused of abuse to my cousin on the other side of the family . How can I go about trying to recover these memories ? Any thoughts on this subject are welcome .
 31 F"
"Kundalini and Bipolar  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Kundalini and Bipolar  Hello! I’m (33/m) totally new to this sub and have just started doing Kundalini (gone to 4 classes). I have been diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder and was wondering if it’s a bad idea to go down this road. I’ve never had a manic episode, but do experience hypomania once a year or so.
 I’m going into this pretty slowly and am just planning on doing one or two classes a week on top of my normal yoga to and see how I react since I think it can probably induce mania or psychosis in some people. Honestly (and I hope this isn’t offensive) I find parts of Kundalini really goofy. I feel like it lets me fly my freak flag, which has been really freeing for me. It also seems like a really cool community and there is a lot of potential to become more self aware and deal with trauma and early childhood stuff.
 As a side note: I have a close family member who has been practicing for a long (like 40+ years) time who I feel like I could probably ask for advice and guidance if I end up doing this a lot. Just want to check and see if this is major no-go given the mood disorder, if it’s relatively safe to proceed with caution, or if this is something that wouldn’t be weird to discuss with my teacher."
"I think I was a perpetrator of COCSA  Close  16  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I think I was a perpetrator of COCSA  See title. Long text, I'm just trying to make sense of things.
 tl;dr I think I sexually abused my little brother and am having a crisis over it.
 Today while I was driving I let my mind wander far back into my childhood. I realized some pretty ugly stuff that I kinda knew about but refused to confront. I think I sexually abused my little brother. I was about 6-8, maybe, I don't know. But definitely very young. I never went further than kissing him once and maybe once or twice touching him (briefly, not jerking him off or anything) down there, but the thought of it makes me shake and sends me into a numbed state. Maybe it was childish curiosity and me recreating the dramatic kissing scenes in movies or something. For a long time I've suspected that something wasn't right with me? Especially regarding my relationship with sex. Whenever I would get off sometimes I'd fantasize about being raped or something similar. Sometimes I would keep masturbating until I couldn't cum and it just hurt as 'punishment' (for what?? I don't know). I sometimes fantasize about being in an abusive relationship and view it in a positive light. For some background, I am female and have been diagnosed with bipolar and my brother and I were abused (physically) by parents. I have had no memories at all, and I highly doubt that, I was being sexually abused. I don't want to delude myself into thinking I was just because I was a weird kid. However I did mimic my parents and hit my brother or make him cry because that's how I grew up and had no idea how to cope (I stopped this habit after turning 10). I'm very very upset and I feel disgusting because I've already caught myself slipping into abusive behaviors with (ex) friends back in 2016-2018--manipulation, creating power dynamics, etc etc but I've been working on that because I don't want to hurt people like that. So I don't want another layer of trauma in my life. I don't want this burden. I don't know if my brother remembers any of this, because he hasn't confronted me about it. We have talked about the physical abuse I put him through, and we have a pretty good relationship now I think. I don't want to ever bring this up with him. I feel sick to my stomach. What do I do? I might see my licensed campus therapist or something (I can't afford one outside of college right now) and see what I can do. I feel icky and disgusting especially since I was the perpetrator, so I feel like it's a different perspective of trauma vs being the receiver. I'm not saying one is more valid than the other or whatever. If you read this far I really appreciate it. I don't know where else to turn and I have no friends right now whom I can trust with this information. I feel like I'm going to break down in this library. I can't focus."
"Two fencesitters in a relationship - one leans yes, the other leans no  Close  24  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Two fencesitters in a relationship - one leans yes, the other leans no  Hey all,
 SO and I are both fencesitters. He leans towards having kid/s. He's not firm on how many, but I think he'd prefer one at the moment versus more than one. He also is not adamant on biological kid/s. I'm leaning towards no, because I work in education, and goddamnit, I like not having children to come home to. I also have been diagnosed with bipolar which can run in families, so I'm not sure I want to have a kid, knowing they're at higher risk for it. I do like kids though. In fact, I really like kids (please don't go into K-12 education if you don't like kids). I just really dislike babies. We were hanging out with a friend's baby and I was kinda baffled by... everything. What do you do with a kid who is an eating, pooping potato?
 Recently I was asking him about the actual logistics. If we had a kid, or adopted a baby, we would have to consider childcare for the first five years of the kid's life until they went into kindergarten. Even if we start them in pre-school at 3, that's still the 0-3 years to consider. I don't know if I want to start a kiddo in pre-school or daycare earlier than 3 if I could avoid it. Our friends have their 6 month old in day care, and they were talking about how little they get to see their kiddo since they're both back to working full time. Even though I'm not convinced I want to raise a kid, I know that's not what I want - to have my kid raised by strangers because I have to work.
 Luckily for us, he's got a pretty good paying job, in a good industry. I could take a year off and do part time after that, reasonably easily. I'm also just not sure that I won't go absolutely insane being a stay at home mom, when honestly, I really like working. But there's no point in him staying home, because we won't make the bills on my salary. He could definitely work from home, at least part of the time, but I'm not sure about it.
 Advice? Sympathy? Questions to help me make up my mind?"
"I get very upset when I visit my psychiatrist  Venting  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I get very upset when I visit my psychiatrist  Venting  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar I for a number of years, and been hospitalized about four times for a combination of alcoholism and suicidal ideation. My current psychiatrist added that I have BPD traits.
 I can’t stand him and I’m wondering if I’m overreacting. He says things like “you’re very sensitive.” And “it’s time to grow up.” I feel totally crazy around him and I wonder if I’m over reacting.
 Has anyone else experienced something like this? He and my therapist work together and my therapist agrees he’s not a good guy."
"Logical sympathy but no emotional empathy?  Close  1  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Logical sympathy but no emotional empathy?  Obligatory on mobile and I'll do the best I can with formatting.
 Okay, maybe this isn't so unusual?
 I've known this for a while now but I'm trying to make sense of it, I suppose. In short, I don't have any kind of emotional empathy for other people. I can logically understand emotions in others but I don't feel anything. Actually, it even makes me feel kind of awkward when people complain/confide in me and I don't have any kind of emotional response or know what to say.
 I've been to funerals of family that have been there my entire life and felt nothing. People experience loss around me and I don't have anything to say to comfort them. My husband has talked to me about taking precautions and naming our child as a beneficiary and I have thoughts like ""am I going to have to pretend to be falling apart if there was a funeral?"" because I feel like otherwise it would look like I don't care. At our wedding, he was teary eyed and I kind of faked it so as not to appear heartless? Even when our child was born I didn't cry or anything like that (maybe some tears from pain but even then I don't think so).
 Growing up my mom would (and still does) cry over every tiny thing. Any movie or book or sob story makes her bleeding heart ache. I always thought this was some kind of ploy to win people over because I just couldn't believe someone could be such a cry baby. I know this sounds really mean but I think it just became annoying at some point.
 Even before I noticed that trait in her I always considered myself less emotional than people in general? As a child I was more tomboy or even masculine in some ways and was not a cryer or fussy like my female peers. I always thought of it as ""not being a little bitch.""
 As a kid I moved a lot and always had to find new groups of friends, so I have very few lifelong friends and in a way I wonder if I never learned how to connect or care about others. Or form meaningful relationships because I don't have any with my family either. I saw a few family members recently and all I noticed was that I feel exactly the same relationship/interaction with them as I do with my ""friends"" and that I have 0 connection to the emotional stimuli that relates us (I casually referred to his siblings funeral as if I were talking about a pot luck we went to; I didn't even notice until hours later that he was bothered and I felt nothing).
 Now none of this is to say I don't have emotions. I do get depressed and have even been Baker Acted/5150-ed multiple times for both actual suicide attempts and perceived suicidal ideation. I am uncomfortably familiar with anger, isolation and loneliness.  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 or 2 (different diagnoses at different times, which doesn't really make sense but it is what it is). I've suspected borderline, narcassism, psychopathy, sociopathy, depersonalization, derealization, trauma/PTSD or just plain being broken at different times due to different ""symptoms"".
 I know self diagnosis holds no weight and it's so easy to point to a few symptoms and say ""aha, that's me"". Beyond that diagnoses are just labels anyway. I guess I'm just wondering if this is within the realm of ""normal""? Am I just a loner? Am I an asshole, although I don't typically feel malice towards others unless circumstances cause me to feel that way, it's just not default.
 I have meditated and I hasn't changed anything except it made me more aware of this trait in myself rather than inspire any kind of compassion. Cannabis also has an interesting effect on me. I go through this cycle of getting quiet and introspective where I notice how detached I am from everyone and everything, then I have a brief period of feeling perfectly okay with this detachment, then I fall into a weird depression about being so detached and I just want to be alone. Because of how it's been affecting me, I have it very rarely.
 It feels like in general I just have 0 interest in people and want to be alone, and because that's unrealistic I have to fake interest and empathy for others and their lives, and I don't have much faith in my acting ability so I get insecure that people aren't buying it. This causes me to pull back further.  Again, I'm not malicious or hostile. I'm not mean. I'm a generally polite and neutral person. I just don't actually care.
 I feel like I've gone in a rambling circle and maybe I've only posted on here because I don't have anyone to talk to about this."
"Seeing my older brother reminded me of WHY I take my meds (I just need to vent a little)  Close  14  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Seeing my older brother reminded me of WHY I take my meds (I just need to vent a little)  So I (23F) recently went on vacation down to southern state to visit my Dad and family. It had been about 2 years since I last saw anyone and in the 48 hours I spent with my 43 yr old brother confirmed my need to take medication.
 Both my brother and I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 and all I can say is that.. I don’t know? He was dealt shitty cards? Or maybe has given up on himself since his diagnosis about 8-10 years ago.
 He’s completely let himself go, to the point where he came to FAMILY DINNER WITH DRIED FOOD ON HIS JACKET AND CLOTHES UNDERNEATH IT!
 He was more concerned if I would smoke him out than hanging out with the family or even interacting in general and him and my dad can hardly interact with each other without one of them getting pissed off.
 He can’t hold down a job (which I understand, it’s hard I really do) lives with his mother and pays no bills. (Can’t keep track of his money obviously) I’m not sure if he takes medication even though he tells everyone he does. Which I honestly feel like is a lie he doesn’t show any improvement in the years he’s been diagnosed.
 I’m just so sad for him and I don’t know what to do or even if there is anything I CAN do. He used to call me and the conversations would always wander towards bipolar and weed. I felt like he was beginning to use me as his therapist and as a fellow BP person I just couldn’t mentally handle it so I began to not answer as much (I know that’s terrible I’m sorry but I just couldn’t deal).
 I’m not sure where this post is going other than.. can I do anything? Dad can only do so much without getting REALLY pissed off at him and his mom (half-siblings) doesn’t ever have anything good to say about him. I worry that when his mom gets older I’ll be stuck taking care of him which really isn’t an option for me mentally, unless he gets his shit together even a little.
 Edit: I do want to add my brother is smart and he used to be VERY motivated and I know he can get that back. He had the ability to get a degree, has moved out before and has been successful. I just don’t want him to give up on himself anymore."
When is insomnia an emergency?  Close  4  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  When is insomnia an emergency?  Yes I know that insomnia is technically not classified as an emergency. I have had insomnia for more than a year and I've been dealing with anxiety and depression for years. I recently have been diagnosed with bipolar depression but I have not started taking meds, I use to be on medication for my anxiety but nothing worked so I have been med free for about 6 months now. My insomnia is getting so bad to where I am starting to get paranoid, mood swings, anxiety, a sense of impending doom, and almost physically sick. In the past whenever it gets this bad not even 3mg of xanax could make me sleep. I am about to pass 24 hours with no sleep and not a single cell in my body is craving sleep. I feel as if my body refuses to allow me to sleep anymore and when I do I always wake up feeling the same or worse. I dont mean to freak anyone out but I keep having to calm myself down as I jump to conclusions and almost say things I dont mean to people, I feel like a bomb that is about to go off at the slightest tick. I also am having very bad suicidal thoughts. At what point do I have to do something or get some sort of help. I do not see hospitalization as an option but at this point in time I truly need like a knockout dose of some sort of sedative. I'm sorry to rant but I have I feel like I'm running out if options.
"Seeking an outside perspective on things that happened to me as a kid [cw: csa][Long]  Close  3  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Seeking an outside perspective on things that happened to me as a kid [cw: csa][Long]  This is going to be a long one and I don't know if it fits this sub but I don't know who to talk to. I'd really appreciate some insight and support.  Please be honest, I want to know the hard truths now so I can get over it.
  
 Let's start off with saying I have been diagnosed with bipolar II. It's been quite a few years since I've been treating it but in high school I was still undiagnosed and suffering. I had a rough childhood (neglect, not abuse) and only one parent, and a lot of shitty friends that would flake on me and/or had their own problems, and I lost all of my friends at one point.
  
 I don't know if it's because mania increases your libido or if it was something particular to me but I was interested in sex at a very young age.  Lots of self-exploring by 8, cybering in yahoo chatrooms... My first sexual experience was having phone sex with a girlfriend of mine (I want to say I was 9? 10?) who lived in a different state. My online friends would regularly call me 'jailbait' as a nickname when I was 14-16. During this time, I met the man I would have my first long-term relationship online.
  
 I met him playing a game when I was 13 or 14. He was 10 years older than I was, so 23-24. We would roleplay together that our characters met and then fell in love, and one day he told me he loved me. (I even remember how it happened. I said it's pathetic that in order to fall asleep I have to imagine that someone loves me and he said [name], I love you.')  We would spend a lot of time playing together, innocently rping and then it progressed into cybering. Important note: my character had a backstory of being raped and I did do some roleplaying of dealing with that. Why? I don't know.
  
 It continued to escalate. I sent him pictures. First selfies, then less clothing, then straight up nudes. Then we'd get on webcam and I'd rub one out for him, but I never saw his face or him doing it, just his white shirt in the fucking like msn chatroom. Sometimes I'd 'forget' to mute my microphone so he could listen to me. I would never see him, he would only see me.  He told me his real name and sent me a selfie once.  I think I still have his number in my phone but I set a group of contacts to 'hidden' so I'd know who they were when they called me. He would grow distant, I would start using it to get affection from him because I loved the 'pillowtalk' afterwards.  It was worth it to have him be kind to me and feel like someone loved me in this fucking world.
  
 I also start to question my memory. Most of my younger childhood is really blurry and faded I remember and feel a lot of things like gaslighting and feeling blamed for everything that went wrong and that everything was my fault. I got whiny and demanding. Finally I broke it off sometime when I was 18 and I literally don't even remember why I did it, I just remember knowing it needed to stop. The next few years were really dark for me.
  
 Thing is, I struggle calling it abuse. Is it really sexual abuse if it was online and I was complicit?  I could have stopped at any point, he never threatened me, and it's not like i was *raped*. I stayed a 'virgin' until many years later. I wanted the attention because he was the only person that made me feel cared about in a really fucking rough spot. He was the person who actually suggested I might have bipolar and to go see a therapist. He bought me my first games on Steam and got me playing   He was also 10 fucking years older than me and I was a fucking child.
  
 This all affected me the rest of my life. I had a string of more online flings (one guy which I flew out and visited with for a few weeks who would gaslight me and said he 'didn't think i was a virgin because i was so wet'). We would dirty talk about all the sex we would have and he was a kinky motherfucker and would talk about spanking me and I'd be complicit.  The first time we had sex, I disassociated but didn't realize what had happened until later.  I felt weird and he asked if I'd like him to slap me, and he did it, and i got off but afterwards said I didn't really like that which caused him to have a meltdown and accuse me of calling him a rapist because i 'revoked consent'.  That guy had his own issues and it set some really bad habits in me, but I didn't really realize the extent of my trauma until I met my current boyfriend.
  
 The first time I even tried to have sex with CB, I disassociated *hard*.  For the next year or so I'd cycle through either disassociating at a certain point or flipping a switch into a subservient mode where I would do literally anything he asked me to and I would be really pushy about initiating sex even though I was dying inside and did not want it AT ALL but felt like I had to and pretend like I liked it.  I'd flinch and try to shove him off if he grabbed me in a certain way or I'd go stock still and lock up.  Sometimes I would bawl for hours to the point that I stopped knowing who i was and would get very confused and not know what happened and he'd have to coach me through the conversation and what got me to that point. I couldn't ever talk about anything and I tried to warn him how fucked up I was when he asked me out, to the point I said no for a year.  I still struggle with the feeling of being his 'property' and i have no fucking idea why.
  
 My current boyfriend is a lovely human.
  
 Am I just being a drama queen and faking it?  Am I distorting my memories?  Did it really happen? Does it matter if it didn't happen if I still reacted this way? Should I be over it by now?
  
 I regularly google his name and look up his old accounts to see if he's active.  When I see that he is, I panic and also want to reach out to him to talk to him.  Why?  To get some clarity on the situation?  How the fuck is that supposed to help?
  
 i'm sorry for the length and the rambling."
Stabbing  Close  0  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Stabbing  I know I am in the bouts of mania, I have been diagnosed with bipolar. I refuse to take medicine. It is not the natural order, you cannot change a human and I will not let it take away my power, my control. I will be home in near an hour and I say let the action commence! I will twirl around my bedroom with a butcher knife, a beautiful dervish, tearing everything apart as Beethoven's 9th symphony funnels energy throughout my being. The power and energy that come with Beethoven is unrivaled, followed cleanly by the ecstasy of pure silence as he slowly fades out of myself. I live for the good old ultra-violence. I scream and screech, clawing and stripping my bedroom clean of it's horrid stench, it will truly be the Funeral of Queen Mary! Gather your best droogs as I say best of luck good sirs and misses, and let us consume!
"Just wondered if anyone could help.  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Just wondered if anyone could help.  So I've recently decided to make an appointment with a psychiatrist. It's coming up soon and I want to know what to expect and whether there's anything I can do anything to prepare myself.
 Does anyone know what sort of questions he will ask?
 I guess I'm just a little nervous and need some reassuring.
 I'm in the UK and it's a private consultation rather than on NHS.
  
 Edit: I have been diagnosed with Bipolar - through the NHS with no support provided, only a meds prescribed."
"[PA] Do I have grounds to claim a hostile working environment?  Employment Law  Close  0  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  [PA] Do I have grounds to claim a hostile working environment?  Employment Law  Throwaway for obvious reasons, but looking for some insight before I waste my money on a lawyer.
 I began working for my current company about 4 years ago part time. Over the course of those four years, I went from part time, to full time, to general manager of my branch. However, some things have happened along the way that have made it a very uncomfortable place to work and I feel like I have reached my breaking point. There are three major incidents I will outline below:
 I took the position of general manager last August. It is a salaried, overtime exempt position. The first incident occurred in September of last year. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and am also a recovering addict/alcoholic. One day in August and one day in September, I left work at 3:30pm (my scheduled hours are 7-5, hence the exemption) to attend doctors appointments. This is well within the guidelines of my employer as they allow up to two hours for doctors visits and I was only missing an hour and a half. At my site I only service one customer, and on both occasions I sent mass emails to inform the customer I would be leaving early, as I am the only one here from 3-5. One of the employees at the customer called on the second occasion, and repeatedly stated that I must disclose to her if I had a serious illness and couldn’t perform my job, so they could tell my superiors to get someone else in here that could. I told her this made me very uncomfortable and did not disclose my disabilities, and she persisted. I informed my supervisor about the incident and his response was laughter and “yeah, [customer] is a real bitch.” No further action was taken, so I have been working since with the assumption that someone is trying to discover my disabilities with the intention of me losing my job because of them.
 Secondly, this company previously lost a class action lawsuit for hiring people with manager titles and exempt salaries and then giving them no subordinates, forcing them to work overtime with no compensation. I was advised in the last week of April that this would mean I would be getting a title demotion to a role with non exempt hourly pay. Two days later my only employee quit with no notice. My title has yet to be demoted, I am still an exempt salaried employee, and no one has been hired or transferred to replace my only employee. In the month of March I worked over 60 hours of overtime I was not compensated for.
 And the most recent incident was last week. I had interviewed a potential employee and informed my supervisor that I thought he was a good hire. My supervisor then conducted a phone interview and hired him. The following day he came to my branch, and the first thing he asked me was “is [potential employee] white or black?” I hesitated and said “he is black.” The supervisor replied with “well, you didn’t tell me that.” Again, after a pause while I tried to process what was happening, I replied with “I didn’t know that I needed to.” At which point he shrugged and said “well, he’s hired now.” He then went to meet with the customer for a few hours, and upon returning said, “this is the first token....first token ‘you-know-what’ I’ve hired since I became district manager.” This to me is the breaking point. I feel so uncomfortable working here now, added to the stress of being alone trying to run an account that as recently as last autumn had 3 full time employees running it. Do I have any legal options? Thanks for your time.
 TLDR: customer harassed me to try to get me to disclose disabilities and nothing was done, working 60+ hours of overtime as an exempt manager, boss is racist, can I at least get unemployment"
"Does paraphrasing sensitive posts comply with the Reddit API Terms of Use?  Reddit API  Close  6  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Does paraphrasing sensitive posts comply with the Reddit API Terms of Use?  Reddit API  I'm a researcher at a mental health research institute in the UK, and would like to study the experiences of individuals diagnosed with bipolar disorder with data from Reddit. Particularly, we would like to analyse public Reddit posts and comments of Reddit users who self-declare on Reddit that they have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
 For qualitative research, it is necessary to report participant voices, which would be public posts or comments on Reddit in this case. Ethical guidelines for social media health research make a strong case for anonymising and paraphrasing tweets to protect the anonymity of social media users affected by mental health problems due to the stigma associated with mental illnesses (e.g. Ethical Research Protocols for Social Media Health Research, Benton, Coppersmith, Dredzde, 2017).
 We would like to follow this practice and report paraphrased posts or comments without username mentions in our scientific publications and make the links to the posts/comments used in the research available upon request. However, we are not sure if the  Reddit API Terms of Use  apply in this case and if so, this would constitute a breach of the requirement in clause 2 d. ""You may not modify the User Content except to format it for such display"". Can someone clarify this issue and/or provide us with a recommendation on how to report posts or comments with sensitive content?"
"Addyi interaction possibility?  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Addyi interaction possibility?  I recently started taking Addyi and was prescribed from the  Hers.com  website, not from my psychiatrist. I've had a strange interaction.
 Every day, without fail, I take the following medications.
  
 Chantix - 1 mg in the AM and 1mg in PM
 Adderall - 75 mg total intake throughout the day
  Carbamazepine  - 600 mg taken at bedtime
 Cymbalta - 160 mg taken at bedtime
 Rexulti - 1 mg taken at bedtime
 Ativan - 0.5/1 mg taken at bedtime
 Omeprazole Magnesium - taken at bedtime
 Addyi - 100 mg taken at bedtime
  Mirena  - had it since January 2016 and have not had any periods since Summer of 2016. My doctor said this would be expected based on how light, short, and regular my periods always were. I even had an OB/GYN appt 10 months ago and everything was okay.
  
 I have been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and ADHD. I'm aware that in reality, this is an unlikely dual diagnosis.
  
 I took Addyi for the first time last night, along with the other slew of medications I already take. I have been on all of those meds (except Rexulti/Chantix) since 2014. I'm okay with having a period, but I'm worried this medication could cause the Mirena to be less effective as a contraceptive. Is this possible?
  
 Also, I have an extremely severe case of Acid Reflux that has never caused heartburn. Growing up as a child, I would throw up bile multiple times a month. I've gone to so many doctors about it, I can't even remember the names of all the tests I've completed. A doctor that we flew to Arizona to visit when I was 16 was positive that my issues were caused by anxiety and that if I got on Birth Control, most of my issues with throwing up bile and nausea would cease. He was right. Once I started birth control pills, my issue decreased by almost 99%. I'm saying this because I'm concerned that Addyi will cause my Mirena to be less effective, which will cause my Acid Reflux to spring back into motion.
  
 My other question is based on what I read on the Addyi forum. Carbamazepine is listed as a drug interaction with Addyi. This is their reason: ""The concomitant use of ADDYI with CYP3A4 inducers substantially decreases flibanserin compared to the use of ADDYI alone.""
  
 This is my other question: Does that mean Addyi doesn't work well when taken with Carbamazepine, or vice versa, or something else?"
"Addictions and how the heck to quit  Close  13  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Addictions and how the heck to quit  A little background about myself. My name is Michael. I am 28 years old and live in the USA. I have been diagnosed with bipolar for 8 months but lord knows ive been bipolar all my life. I have 2 addictions, they are video games and weed. They basically run my life. I have friends who do them but they aren't addicted, they're functioning adults even though they smoke and/or play video games. Some thoughts on this; What is the cycle of addiction and bipolar? Maybe it is that at some point in the cycle, you need help mentally, like anything to feel good because you're in the depressive part of the cycle, or maybe you're in the manic part and HAVE to do something ""cool"" and ""fun"" so either way you go to your addiction, your life force, what keeps you here. Then because of this and through this, you're addicted to something.
  
 But like, so what? I'm just speaking out loud here, but I love my addictions. I don't want to quit them. I play league of legends, and smoke weed. I love doing it. Am I really happy while doing those two things? Deep down, I know the answer is ""not really"", BUT AT LEAST I am not drowning in despair. My addictions keep me from going over the deep end, they are what make life ""okay"". Isn't it acceptable to use these things for my own benefit?
  
 However this brings me to my next thought. Do I over-use them? I play league for like, 7 hours a day on average. I smoke CONSTANTLY. I'm high right now as I type this. At work. Was late because I woke and toked, played League for 2 hours, THEN came to work. My boss isn't happy with me. My addictions are a hindrance to my life, as you can see.
  
 Are video games and weed ruining my life? Probably. Will I regret it someday? I already do, and will probably continue to further regret they're use as I get older. But they're also saving me.
  
 Therefore I, like any other addict out there, don't know what to do.
  
 If I decide to quit.
   Will life be bleak and dull or will it refill itself with other things?
   Will I just find a new addiction? I heard it's impossible to ""quit"" addictions, one has to REPLACE addictions.
   When I am drowning in bipolar, which is often, what do I use as a crutch instead of my addictions. I use video and games to ESCAPE! I escape from reality all the time because it is so vicious for me because I am bipolar. I see the world as hell, everything is horrible because I am depressed. When I am in this place, and I need to run away and can't use my addictions anymore, what do I do? That is the time when I would relapse, not knowing what to do but needing something to help me escape my problems.
    
 4. What about quitting addictions would improve my life?
 I look at this as a cost/benefit ratio question. Simply put; is the cost of quitting my addictions worth all the work it will be? I will be missing out 100% on the things that I ""love"", being League of Legends and marijuana, and I will have to put in a lot of work finding new things to spend my life doing. And I probably wont find them as much fun as my addictions! Fuck that man, why the hell should I quit? What makes it worth it? I can't find an answer man."
"Tips on how to identify hypomania  General  Close  3  Posted by  17 days ago  Tips on how to identify hypomania  General  I have been diagnosed with bipolar II for a few years. Something I’ve had trouble with is identifying hypomania while I am in it. While I am manic I have all of the classic signs, but I guess my clouded judgement doesn’t allow me to see them. After I come down from the hypomania it is always so clear to me that that’s was what I was experiencing.
 How do you know you’re in a manic state?"
Bipolar disorder and being an EMT  NREMT  Close  1  Posted by    Unverified User    11 months ago  Archived  Bipolar disorder and being an EMT  NREMT  Hello reddit. Just a quick question after a show had started me tho king about my career choices. I have been diagnosed with bipolar type two, and ever since the military all I’ve wanted to do was help people. So my question is should I even do the EMT course? I don’t want to get all finished and have wasted my Montgomery GI bill on a career path that I couldn’t find work in because of my past. I think that having the disorder will make it not necessarily easier, but provide a better insight on the patients mental well being. Before you ask yes, I’m on two medications and under very close observation with a doctor from the Veterans administration. None of my meds are not narcotic and have no street value   Just a simple antidepressant and mood stabilizer. Any all all comments will be appreciated. Thanks guys. Semper fi
"Confused  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Confused  I met this girl in december. I was five years single till then. She swooped in and charmed me and said i am the kind of guy she wants to marry and that her next relationship will be one that goes towards marriage. I am from bangladesh and she was born her but grew up in australia. Within the first 18 days we introduced each others families. Then she went back and she and i were all into each other. Constantly talking and planning wedding dates and venues. Then in mid march she changed her mind and said she needs to find herself and she doesn't know what she wants. After a month of havoc she said she can't stop talking to me because she believes i am someone with whom she can change the world but right now she can't give me a relationship except friendship. I actually accepted her offer and said i will be her friend out of desperation. Her texts have become formal and cold and i know she won't text or contact me much. After that month of havoc i have now stopped texting her. If she texts i will answer kind of thing.
 My question is - why am i feeling so hurt and devastated? Last one month and till now i am in intense pain. She is all i can think of. Shouldn't i be glad that this didn't happen later, closer to the wedding or after we had kids etc? It's been a month since this happened and 3 days since we last spoke. I am feeling absolutely shit. But why??  What should i do? Please help.
 Fyi - i have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and regularly seek therapy."
"What triggers a manic episode for you?  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  What triggers a manic episode for you?  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2. I’ve been dealing with it for a long time. My mania is mild. My depression is severe. My mania lasts maybe a week. My depression lasts a month or more. I’ve learned to control my impulses more or less when manic. I can’t pull myself out of depression. When I’m manic I function better. I can do things. I can complete assignments. I do well at work.  I keep up with dishes and laundry. I play with my dog. I can give my partner attention. I’m happier. When I’m depressed I cannot function. At all. My life falls apart until I’m graced with a manic spell and then I spend that whole time doing as much damage repair as I can during that time. It’s like I’m two people. I know for a lot of you it doesn’t work this way. You do damage while manic. I guess I’m weird idk.
 So I am asking, what can I do to trigger mania when depressed? How can I trick my brain into making that switch? If I could maybe control it a little, choose to be manic when needed for my advantage, it would drastically improve my quality of life.
 So just let me know what triggers mania for you I guess."
"I feel like a brand new person,so relieving 😁  Close  6  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I feel like a brand new person,so relieving 😁  I have been diagnosed with bipolar for almost 4 years now. I see a therapist often and I don't take medication(because of fear&misconceptions). Ive been battling with concentration issues and living a balanced life and passing for my driving test and finishing my bachlors is a challenge. I have alot of racing thoughts and its hard to fall a sleep.
 My therapist suggested that I test for ADHD I always had a feeling I had it but I was like yeah what difference is the label going to make?. Plus my close friends & family said there was nothing wrong with me, I am just bubbly & clumsy.
 Today I had a whole day of interviews & testing and it appears I have severe ADHD. They gave me medication to try out and afterwards I had to take the QB test again. The first attempt was such a struggle I even fall a sleep. The 2nd one was magical 🤩, I felt so calm and relaxed tears rolled down my cheeks 😢. I have never felt like this and I felt so bad for allowing myself to live in that condition untreaded for so long. I am so happy with this diagnosis and the medicine I got. And I feel so bad I listened to people for so long, people always say the farmacitucal  industry are mafia's. They fail to realize how life changing it can be for people with mental disorders. My own perception about medicine has changed and I just want to give my tesimony."
"Feeling lost  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Feeling lost  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 for a little less than a year now. I have been going through a deep depression for 3 years with the occasional Hypomanic episode. I still feel so lost. My memory is horrible, everyone makes fun of me for it. I’ve dropped friends who have been detrimental to my happiness which is good but I still feel lost and empty. Having anxiety all the time reminds me of how much my mind still holds me back which cause me to.....yup....feel depressed AND let’s me know how long I’ve actually been dealing with this before seeking professional help. Lately I’ve been feeling motivated to finally start working again but I still don’t feel ready. I mainly feel pressure from friends who want to go out and feeling like shit because I have no money unless I borrow some from family. I’m in the process of signing up for ssi but I know how lengthy of a process that can be but I’m also worried it’s gonna be even harder to get hired since I haven’t been working. Had a job last summer, went to New York for a week, came back on a high and quit my job within the next couple weeks due to feeling anxiety all the time.
 I don’t even know how to word this or really what I’m trying to say. I just don’t know anyone personally going through this aside from my grandmother but it’s not the easiest to get much out of her. Can you guys just let me know what’s helped you previously. Group therapy, one on one therapy, or WHAT? I’ve done one on one therapy for a year now and haven’t scheduled myself to go back because I feel like I haven’t learned any coping skills from my therapist. I feel horrible because she’s so nice but it feels more like gossiping about my life when I talk to her. I wanna go to group therapy but I’m scared.  Can someone just give me advice on that and let me know if there’s ever gonna be a time when I’m just consistently happy outside of just another hypomanic episode. I have no desire to end my life, but I also can’t picture me being alive five years from now."
4 your eyez only / struggle with bipolar  Close  25  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  4 your eyez only / struggle with bipolar  Hello, guys , stay strong and no giving up, I just quit smoking tobacco, it's my 5 day without a cigarette , I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder 1 and a half year ago and to cope with the disorder I was smoking on a daily basis but now I chose to face it. You, yes you, I know how it feels like, every motion you're going through but I can finally see some light, better days are coming for me and for you.
"Diagnosis Change  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Diagnosis Change  Hello BPD folks,
 I have been diagnosed with bipolar for about 5 years. Well after switching therapists and cycling through a lot of medicine with my psychiatrist, I have discovered they think I am either a combination BPD/Bipolar or actually just borderline.
 It started when my husband was diagnosed as borderline and we read ""I hate you, don't leave me"" and I related to the book as much as he did. Then I learned my psychiatrist has been thinking this for awhile since no medicines seem to work that well for me.
 It's weird to have your diagnosis change after so long but I am excited to move forward."
Struggling with depression & weight gain  Close  1  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Struggling with depression & weight gain  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 for a few years now and I’m at the highest I’ve ever weighed at 245 pounds at 5 ft 2 tall. I don’t have friends here. I do see a therapist & take medication. I take trazadone, seroquel, & latuda.  I have very little energy & sleep in most days. My mom thinks I should discuss with my doctor about getting bariatric surgery. She also thinks I should start going to the gym daily to make me feel better. We also discussed me taking a class at the college a couple days a week to meet people & to keep my mind busy. I’m 25 and single since November of 2018. Any advice on all this? Maybe some advice on how to stay motivated? Thanks in advance.
"ISFP or INFP  Close  3  Posted by  11 days ago  ISFP or INFP  Hi! I've been wondering if I'm an ISFP or INFP, people always type as ISFP, but I feel like I'm not one because I not always optimistic and I'm hard of hearing in both ears. Also I can sentimental.
 • How old are you? What's your gender? Give us a general description of yourself. 29, male, I'm a laid-back kind of guy who has the heart of a child and is shy and takes time to open up to New people.
 • Is there a medical diagnosis that may impact your mental stability somehow? I have been diagnosed with Bipolar.
 • Describe your upbringing. Did it have any kind of religious or structured influence? How did you respond to it? I was raised to always be polite, like saying please and thank you and all that, there were times where if I misbehaved my mom and grandfather would beat me with a belt but they were generally kind and caring to me, there were times when I acted out in anger and did stuff I regret, at school I was bullied for being different then the other kids, but as I got older I was less bullied and made alot of friends.
 • What do you do as a job or as a career (if you have one)? Do you like it? Why or why not? I'm disabled.
 • If you had to spend an entire weekend by yourself, how would you feel? Would you feel lonely or refreshed? Refreshed, I'd probably spend my time all weekend watching anime, movies, reading. whatever will provide me escapism
 • What kinds of activities do you prefer? Do you like, and are you good at sports? Do you enjoy any other outdoor or indoor activities? I prefer watching TV (mostly anime), reading books (mostly manga) and listening to music. I'm not all that athletic.
 • How curious are you? Do you have more ideas then you can execute? What are your curiosities about? What are your ideas about - is it environmental or conceptual, and can you please elaborate? I'm really curious, my imagination runs wild so wild it impossible to make it reality, sometimes I imagine I'm a celebrity or something, sometimes I imagine having conversations with people, when I would always look outside and daydream.
 • Would you enjoy taking on a leadership position? Do you think you would be good at it? What would your leadership style be? I think I would be a horrible leader, if I was a leader I'm scared it would go to my head
 • Are you coordinated? Why do you feel as if you are or are not? Do you enjoy working with your hands in some form? Describe your activity? I don't have very good coordination, if I grab something with my hand like a pencil or pen my hand starts to shake uncontrollably if someone is watching me
 • Are you artistic? If yes, describe your art? If you are not particular artistic but can appreciate art please likewise describe what forums of art you enjoy. Please explain your answer. I just now got back into drawing after over 10 years and I am slowly improving, right now I'm only drawing ficitional characters and I suck at singing, I like all forms of art I'm not really picky when it comes to taste, though if there is a meaning behind the art you'd probably have to explain to me if I don't understand it.
 • What's your opinion about the past, present, and future? How do you deal with them? The past there are some things I could give or take, the present I wish I could escape, the near future I look forward to.
 • How do you act when others request your help to do something (anything)? If you would decide to help them, why would you do so? Because everyone needs help from time to time
 • Do you need logical consistency in your life? No
 • How important is efficiency and productivity to you? Eh, not all that important
 • Do you control others, even if indirectly? How and why do you do that? I prefer not to control others, I find it wrong.
 • What are your hobbies? Why do you like them? Drawing, watching anime, reading manga.
 • What is your learning style? What kind of learning environments do you struggle with most? Why do you like/struggle with these learning styles? Do you prefer classes involving memorization, logic, creativity, or your physical senses? I struggled with English and Math since I was Special Ed for those classes and I struggled with art, I had no trouble with PE since all we had to do was wear our PE clothes to get a passing grade.
 • How good are you at strategizing? Do you easily break up projects into manageable tasks? Or do you have a tendency to wing projects and improvise as you go? I suck at checkers and I don't know how to play chess, that should answer that question
 • What are your aspirations in life, professionally and personally? Professionally it doesn't matter to me, Personally I'd like to be a father so I prove that I'm nothing like my father and that give me part to the next generation
 • What are your fears? What makes you uncomfortable? What do you hate? Why? I hate conflict and criticism, I'm scared of heights and tornadoes and I often fear uncertainty because I'm something bad will happen
 • What do the ""highs"" in your life look like? When I complete a goal or task I set out to do.
 • What do the ""lows"" in your life look like? When I overthink and become indecisive about what to do.
 • How attached are you to reality? Do you daydream often, or do you pay attention to what's around you? If you do daydream, are you aware of your surroundings while you do so? I daydream quite often sometimes I'm aware of my surroundings and sometimes I'm not.
 • Imagine you are alone in a blank, empty room. There is nothing for you to do and no one to talk to. What do you think about? I imagine what I'm going to do when I get out
 • How long do you take to make an important decision? And do you change your mind once you've made it? It takes me awhile and often flip back and forth, sometimes I even others for help.
 • How long do you take to process your emotions? How important are emotions in your life? It doesn't take long, I can be a bit of a crybaby
 • Do you ever catch yourself agreeing with others just to appease them and keep the conversation going? How often? Why?
 • Do you break rules often? Do you think authority should be challenged, or that they know better? If you do break rules, why? I might break a few rules if no one is looking, but other than that I don't want to challenge authority because I'm scared of being punished and how it'll affect my life."
"Making and Breaking of an Addict and a Childhood  Close  9  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Making and Breaking of an Addict and a Childhood  Hi there. I'm sorry we're all here, but glad there's a space and people like us. I wrote the story of my mom's addiction (from what she told me, what I read in journals she told me to read as an adult, and from what I witnessed), and I feel like I need to put her story, OUR story out there. I can't share it on facebook because I know it will somehow get to my family, some of whom would be irate that I shared such intimate details.
 It was just past midnight on July 19th, 2018, and pregnancy insomnia was kicking my ass. My husband and kids were in bed, and I was about to move my almost dead phone from the charger in the living room to the bedroom so I could hear my alarms in the morning. That's when I saw the message. It read “Please call me now” which was received at 9:31 PM. I didn't see the name, just a picture of my mom and her husband. I assumed it was her. I got a glass of water, and missed a message reading “Call now its and emergency” and a call on Facebook Messenger.
 I called my mom's phone a couple times, expecting to hear that my grandmother was in the hospital, or that my mom needed to move in with us as soon as possible. No answer. I opened Messenger again and saw the messages had not been from her, but from her husband, so I called him back through the app. “Ma is dead.” It didn't register with me. He said it again. It still didn't click. I thought maybe he was drunk and thinking this was some funny prank he'd regret in the morning. Then I heard him sobbing, the sound of someone being paged on a loudspeaker in the background. Fuck. It wasn't him being drunk and stupid. It was real. I was shaking, shivering despite the fact that it was still hot and humid outside despite the darkness of night. Despite being pregnant, I went inside and grabbed a couple cigarettes, almost subconsciously. Everything around me was a haze, everything except the conversation going on. “What?” I asked, despite knowing what I heard. “Your mom died tonight. She went to take a nap and when I checked on her later, she was blue and dead. She was so cold, honey. I'm so sorry.” I can still hear every word, every sob, like it was only moments ago. “I'm so sorry,” he said again. I knew it. I knew it in my gut. “Did she overdose?” “I don't know, honey, maybe. It kinda seems like it.” I didn't need him to answer, though. I already knew. “My phone is about to die, let me call you back in a minute.” Click. As I walked to the charger, my phone died. I plugged it in, walked into my bedroom, turned the light on, and said, still shaking, “I think my mom died.” My husband shifted a little in bed. “What?” “I don't know. I got this weird call from John and I thought he was drunk, but I'm pretty sure he's not. I need to use your phone, mine is on the charger.” I took his phone, went back to my phone, and sent a message reading “Phone is on charger. Whats your number so I can call from a different phone”. This time, the message came from my mom's best friend, answering on behalf of my stepfather. She gave me the hospital phone number and told me they will make sure he got the call. At that point, I didn't care about talking to him.
 I called the hospital from my mother's phone, a cigarette between my shaky fingers. I was transferred from reception to a nurse, who transferred me to the doctor. I explained who I was and why I was calling. The doctor took a deep breath. “I'm sorry to tell you that your mother has passed away. What has your stepfather told you?” I think the doctor was trying to spare my feelings if he could. No one wants to break news like this, even if it's part of their job. “He didn't say much. He told me he found her dead, and when I asked if it was an overdose, he said ‘maybe'.” Another deep breath on the other end of the line. “Unfortunately, it does look like it was a heroin overdose. I'm so sorry.” I knew it. I knew it in my gut, in my heart, in my mind. I just needed that confirmation, that honest, official answer. The doctor told me to call if I had any further questions. I hung up, went in the house, and immediately got my aunt Dana's number from my phone.
 It seemed like her phone rang for ages. She answered the phone, groggy. “I have something to tell you. Are you sitting down?” Cliché, I know, but in the moment, it seemed fit. “Uhhh it's like 2 in the morning, I'm in bed.” “Good, because you don't want to be standing for this…” this time, there was a deep breath on my end of the line. “…my mom is dead.” “WHAT?” “My mom is dead. John told me and I called the hospital. She overdosed.” “Fuuuuuuck.” “I know. I'm so fucking sorry.” We finished the conversation with me giving her the hospital number. Like me, my aunt was in shock, but not totally surprised.
 My mom had a long history of substance abuse, and an even longer history of mental illness. She had been alternating between using and recovery her entire adult life. While it came as a shock (who expects an otherwise healthy 50 year old to die?), it also came as no surprise. We had all braced ourselves for it at one time or another. We didn't expect it right then, but deep down, we always knew it was a possibility.
 My mom didn't have an easy life. Seventh out of eight kids, money was tight, especially when my grandfather was out of work for various health conditions. Her parents always made it work, though, and she had a very close bond with her dad. Unfortunately, that bond also led to trauma. A mix of alcoholism and mental illness caused some very traumatic incidents, including a suicide attempt while trying to smother my mom; he wanted to take his first daughter, the child he was closest to, with him. Fortunately, he got help for both mental illness and alcoholism, and my mom still adored her father, but the damage to her psyche was already done.
 As a teen, my mom experimented with the all too common teen rebel substances:  cigarettes, marijuana, and alcohol. Despite this, she was incredibly intelligent, a wonderful artist, and was pushed into programs for intellectually gifted students. However, instead of going to college, she moved in with a boyfriend and her childhood best friend, and experimented with more substances.
 Her young adulthood was a blur of work and poor choices. She worked at bars, helped her boyfriend with drug distribution, and even worked as a call girl. At one point during her time as a sex worker, she was given methamphetamine, had a horrible reaction, walked down a Boston highway, and ended up in psychiatric care.
 Not too long after that, she moved to Cape Cod and began waiting tables at a restaurant in Hyannis. There, one of her brothers introduced her to the man who became her first husband and my father. During their courtship, she was raped on her walk home from work. A rape kit was done, but no one was ever apprehended. Another trauma she had to endure.
 They both enjoyed drinking and had some wild times. They got married eight months after meeting, and seven months after the wedding,they found out they were expecting.
 I was born in 1992, and she became a housewife. Despite money being a bit tight, she and my father were over the moon, and she loved to see my older brother from my father's previous relationship, interact with me. Life was good, or so it seemed.
 When I was a baby, a friend was shot, and her boyfriend, an even closer friend who was like family, was arrested for it. I don't know the full details, and there's quite a bit of speculation from those I talked to about it, so I won't get in to details. However, one thing necessary to share is that the woman's parents asked my mother to come to the hospital before they took her off life support. In the blink of an eye, my mother lost two friends, one to prison and one to death.
 My first memories include our hand selected “family” made of friends who were always around, some of my birthdays, playing outside with my brother, and witnessing domestic violence.
 After I was born, my parent's continued to drink, and both of then were stupid when they got drunk. My mom was sloppy and argumentative, and my dad would go from bubbly to violent in an instant. Either alone was bad enough, but together, it was a volatile combination. I remember my mother getting hit, things being thrown around, screaming and yelling. I recall one occasion when my aunt Dana was over and a fight broke out. She held me in my parents’ room, on their bed, with my stuffed bear, while glass shattered and hell was breaking loose. Barely out of childhood herself, she was trying her damnedest to protect me from my reality. My aunt continued to be my protector, my safety net, my escape, whenever she could.
 During my young childhood, there was a switch, unbeknownst to me at the time. My dad sustained a knee injury at work, and even when healed, the pain consisted. He worked construction, and the healed injury was still troubling him. A friend introduced him to heroin to dull the pain. It was around then that they started drinking less, and things seemed to improve. The house was a happy home again.
 When I was 6, we moved to a larger apartment, and things still seemed better, but in reality, it was the beginning of the end. My mom began to use heroin as well. Having been diagnosed with anorexia, she embraced the weight loss from lowered appetite, and she savored the escape from both the past and the present. At that point, there were no signs obvious to a young child.
 Shortly before Christmas, our family was served with an eviction notice; the apartment was not up to code. At some time in mid-January, I began staying with some family members while my parents finished packing and putting our items in storage while staying in the apartment illegally. Then we moved in with a friend temporarily. Still, there was no sign that something was amiss.
 By spring, my parent's found a duplex to rent in a Dennis Port. We moved, and everything seemed fine. My parents made new friends and kept their old ones, I started a new school and made new friends, and the fighting was still very infrequent. However, our lives began to change.
 My parents had to “go to therapy” every morning before I went to school. At 7 years old, I was getting myself ready for school and out to the bus stop, completely alone except for our family dog. Once in a while we would have to go visit new “friends” and I would have to sit in the living room of a near stranger while the adults needed to “discuss grown up stuff.” On another occasion, I got off the school bus to find a bowl of Chef Boyardee Ravioli waiting for me. We were going to go on a drive because my dad “had to do something for work.” I did my homework in the car and drifted off to sleep. When I woke up, we were parked. It was pitch black except for a light in a seemingly abandoned parking lot. I could see 1 other car, and my parents with 2 other people. I watched until I drifted off to sleep once again. My mom had to “go to the doctor” for a week, for “mental health,” but in reality, she was in a detox center. Then, there was the bust.
 For a few months, my parents had me wave at an vehicle that frequented the road. A friend had thought it was a Private Investigator her parents had sent to follow her. Later, from the front yard, they were able to see police surveillance sitting at a nearby greenhouse. They were cautious, but continued both using and dealing drugs. They watched the news paper for local drug busts, and saw that the police were moving our direction.
 Around noon on April 28th, someone pulled into the driveway. As the first person approached, my mom caught sight of the label on the deep blue jacket; it was the FBI. She yelled to my father as she ran to the upstairs bathroom. Having been aware of the possibility of a bust at any given time, my parents kept just enough heroin in the house to keep them and their closest friends/customers “off sick.” In order to make a quick disposal, my mother stashed the pack in a plastic bag internally. As she was in the bathroom flushing the packs, she heard someone yell “Where's the woman?”
 The search lasted hours as officers, including FBI, DEA, and the local drug task force combed every inch of the house that they could. When I got off the school bus at the end of the road, I saw all the cars and vans. I wanted nothing more than to run to my house, but an older kid in the neighborhood stopped me. It was clear she knew what was going on, even if I didn't.
 There were no drugs or paraphernalia found. The only arrests made were 2 buyers who showed up at the wrong time. They did, however, confiscate a “tornado in a bottle” project I made, as they were unsure what was truly in it, and took the stuffing out of the chicken my mom had in the oven to see if anything was hidden in the cavity. While they wanted to check the septic, there was an incinerator system in place. My parents assured me it was a case of mistaken identity.
 We moved to an apartment in Dennis Port shortly after. My mom was wasting away, though in her eyes, she looked better than ever. My dad was “really tired from work” and would fall asleep at the oddest times. On occasion, they both got “the flu”. In reality, my mother was starving, my father was nodding off, and “the flu” was withdrawals.
 During the summer of 2000, I was sent to a 2 week D.A.R.E summer camp. The school explained that it was for kids in high risk areas. Before even going to the camp, I knew what it meant. The high risk area wasn't my neighborhood. None of the other kids were going. No, it wasn't the area. My home was the high risk area.
 It was a good thing, though. They taught us about various law enforcement topics, the usual “stranger danger,” and first aid, including what to do if someone may be overdosing. I used that knowledge on one occasion, but when my mom came to, she told me her asthma made her pass out. Life was getting scary again.
 Sometime between 2001 and early 2002, money got very tight. My mom got on the methadone clinic again, and was getting psychiatric help, including having been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, PTSD, and Borderline Personality Disorder. Yet she continued to use. To make matters worse, she would also drink with her psychiatric medication, and would do cocaine if she could get her hands on it. These combinations were disastrous.
 It was hard for me to ignore what was going on, but I was raised with the idea that family matters stay in the family. That idea was going right out the window, however, as she spiraled out of control. I found syringes and baggies in the bathroom, one brushed off as “So-and-so is diabetic” and the other explained away by it being “a candy wrapper” in the toilet.” On one occasion, my mom nodded off while painting her toenails in the bathroom. I had a friend over and we heard a crash. I found my mom bleeding from the head on the floor, silver nail polish leaking from the tipped bottle. She brushed it off as being her typical clumsy self. This would not be the last time something like this happened.
 Not even a month later a friend and I came in from playing outside to see if we could get a couple dollars to go to the store. My dad was in the bathroom, so we walked toward the back porch, only to see the end of a seizure. I started screaming for my dad, my friend by my side. My dad's friend appeared and shuffled us away as my dad went to attend to my mom.
 The next day, it was apparent that my mom would have lasting damage. One leg, from the knee down, had to be forced to move, and felt like it was asleep. My grandparents picked us up to take her to the hospital. My mom was completely jammed during the drive. She attempted to get out of the car at a busy intersection in Hyannis Port. She was seen and fitted with a brace to prevent injury, and was diagnosed with herniated discs from the seizure as well as permanent nerve damage.
 Our home situation deteriorated quickly. Our electricity was shut off; we ran an extension cord to the basement in order to steal electricity for vital appliances. Our fridge was near empty. My dad was coming home late, and my mom was constantly a mess. She had gone from functional addict to constant train wreck.
 One day, we walked the highway to my grandparents' house only to find they weren't home. We started walking back, stopping at random stores on the way home. It was well past dark when we got home on that early summer Friday night. She told me to pack an overnight bag while she packed for herself. My dad came home and saw her packing all of her medications. She told him that she and I were going to walk to my grandparents for the night. He told her no, and tried to take a pill bottle out of her hand. She began trying to hit him and yelled for me. When I arrived at the door, I saw my dad holding her down, her struggling to get away, pill bottle still in hand. I screamed. I begged my dad to let her go. I thought he was going to kill her, though it turns out he was protecting her from getting us killed on the highway. I screamed and screamed, unknowing of the facts at the time. I screamed until our neighbors from the other apartments came to see what was going on. The neighbor from across the hall dragged me out of the apartment. A neighbor from downstairs led me to her apartment; her young adult daughter sat with me and tried to calm me down. No one called the police, it was just something you didn't do unless it was absolutely necessary.
 It wasn't long later that I was sent to spend a week with my uncle David and his family. When I came home, most of the house was packed. My dad was to remain there until the contract was up, while my mom and I were to stay with my grandparents.
 We were there about 1 week when my mom told me we would soon be moving without my dad. She explained that she was trying to go somewhere that could help her without leaving me behind, and my dad would get help by himself. She never had to say what they were getting help for. I can still recall the look of shame in her eyes. It was clear that she was finally aware that I knew.
 It was July, 2002, when we left Cape Cod to become patients at a parent  and child rehab program. It was a long term community living program that worked on recovery from addiction and trauma as well as rebuilding life skills so the families could succeed upon graduation.
 In the fall of 2002, my dad told my mom he wanted to separate. She had an alcohol relapse. Normally a termination from the program, she was given a second chance given the circumstances. After that, she did exceedingly well. We left the program for our new apartment just 2 blocks away in June of 2003. Much to my dismay, things went downhill again.
 She began dating a man named Bobby, and began drinking and smoking pot again. She seemed to love her newfound freedom a bit too much. She disregarded my concerns, and I was put in a situation where I had to escape sexual assault at the hands of her boyfriend’s friend. When I told her, she didn't believe me, and put me in a situation with him again. Bobby broke up with her because I was “too much of a bitch.”
 It didn't take too long for her to move on. She started dating a 17 year old wannabe gangster, Josh, who hung out in the neighborhood. I argued with her about it, but she disregarded everything I had to say. On several occasions, I didn't come home. On several occasions, I was kicked out. At 11, I had to figure out where I was going to sleep each night. I stole her foodstamp card and used it to buy food for myself so I wasn't a burden to those I stayed with, though most were more than happy to feed me. On multiple occasions, social services visited.
 They made a mistake, though. They always called before coming. My mom would force me home. She would have Josh go elsewhere and would make sure no drugs or alcohol were present. Josh threatened me with violence each time before leaving, and on occasion acted on it. The calls were always chalked up to false reports.
 October of 2003 brought major change. The same woman who called social services and often let me stay with her picked me up from school like any other day. That day was different. She told me I was not going back to her house. She was taking me to her sister Becky's house. Later that evening, we gained access to my mom's apartment with police help. I had very little time to collect my belongings before leaving again.
 I stayed with Becky and her family for a couple weeks before social services put me in a children's group home in Lynn. Without me around to be a beer bottle target or ashtray, my mom became Josh's punching bag. Still, my mom hadn't hit rock bottom.
 Her visits were scattered and accompanied by my social worker. I spent holidays with Becky, or a teacher, Ms. Radcliff, who got approved by the state in order to give me a break from the “home.”
 My uncle David and his wife went through the process to get temporary custody of me via the Kinship Care program in February of 2004. Still, my mom was not at rock bottom.
 Her visits were few. In the year I lived there, I saw her less than 5 times. On occasion, her number had to be blocked from calling. Then a surprise came.
 My dad and his girlfriend worked with the state of Massachusetts and the state of Wisconsin, where they were living, to gain custody of me. On January 29th, 2005, I moved to Wisconsin. Still, my mom did not hit rock bottom.
 Once again there were frequent blocks against her number. It wasn't until fall of 2005, when her then boyfriend Bill died, that she hit rock bottom. She sought sobriety, got a job, and was improving. We began rebuilding our relationship.
 Through my high school years, we continued to rebuild, and I was able to make occasional trips to Massachusetts to see her and the rest of my family. Things were good.
 In 2010, she broke up with her long term boyfriend, Joe, and met someone new. She began drinking again, and once again, our relationship deteriorated. However, she found the ability to drink in moderation, and in 2011 we picked up where we left off.
 In 2014, I was able to visit, bringing my then 10 month old daughter with me. My mom was over the moon to see her baby and grandbaby. Money was tight for her, but otherwise things seemed ok.
 From that point, we really grew together. We called and texted often, we worked through the shared experiences, she made amends for what she had put me through, both accidental and out of sheer negligence. We were the way a mother and adult child should be; we were friends and always there for each other.
 In 2017, she revealed that she had relapsed. She was ashamed, she was afraid to tell me, she was apologetic. In a way, while I was disappointed, I was proud of her for being honest and seeking help; she was already on a maintenance medication when she told me.
 2017 and 2018 were rough. She battled with depression and anxiety. She dealt with verbal abuse from her husband, John. My husband and I tried to convince her to move in with us, either temporarily or permanently, but no luck. Unbeknownst to any of her family, she struggled with several relapses, self-medicating her mental illness and escaping from her sad reality. One of her best friends knew and tried to get her into a program. Her husband knew and paid for it.
 July 11th, 2018, my mom turned 50 years old. I was 25 weeks pregnant with my 4th child, and had my older 3 call her for her birthday. It was the first time she sounded genuinely happy in months. A week later, she was dead.
 Our family has so many questions. Could we have done something? Did we miss the signs? Why did her husband change his story from finding her dead, to finding her dying  (what he told my aunt), to saying she drank herself to death despite what the doctor said? Was it an accidental overdose, suicidal overdose, or did she just not care what happened?
 In my opinion, when my mom had such pain and trauma, such a history of mental illness, such a long stretch of previous sobriety, there was no difference between suicide and accidental death. At that point, there was little regard for her life. My husband, who lost his mother to a gsw suicide, even agrees. Depression mixed with addiction makes it easier to not care whether you live or die. I only hope she found the peace in death that she could not find in life.
 There are days I hate her for how her decisions affected me and for dying. There are days I want to pick up the phone and call her, and days when I still expect to see her name pop up on my phone. There are days I grieve as if her death was yesterday. There are days I look back and smile, thinking of baking cookies and making crafts, even when she was in the throes of addiction.
 Her life was as valid as anyone else. She was a mother, sister, wife, daughter, grandmother, and friend. She was beautiful, intelligent, and sometimes utterly stupid. She would give her last penny if it meant helping someone, even when she couldn't help herself. She was, and is loved. She was broken, but in death, she is whole again.
 (Side note... if anyone wants the link to the news article about the failed bust, I do have it. Parents weren't named as they weren't arrested)"
"Bipolar  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  1  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Bipolar  99 Problems/Rant/Story  I recently have been diagnosed with bipolar. I already knew that I was starting to act like it. But every person has a backstory, some are just afraid and scared to say theirs, but I'm not and I would love to share it.
  
  
 Ps: If you want to talk about mine and/or yours feel free too ;)"
The medicine that worked  Close  18  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  The medicine that worked  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2. I have been on almost all meds that are not anti-psychotic mood stabilizers and nothing worked because we all thought it was just depression/anxiety/adhd (boy do ADHD meds amp up moodiness). I'm 29 and lost hope due to the 10 year search and always getting on and off shit. I gave Latuda a try and wow I feel like a different person. It makes me not really want as much cannabis and klonopin. I feel comfortable tapering off my 2mg of klonopin (been on for 2 years). I know its expensive and luckily I have insurance that brings it down to $500, plus I use their one month free trial (call the drug company) and will be using there $125 off coupon. I luckily make a good living and hopefully this will be generic by 2019 like the rumors say. Anyways, I posted this because I feel fine and a post like this would have gave me more hope a month ago so hopefully it gives someone hope.
"Practicing mindfulness and meditation has helped me tremendously!  Discussion Starter  Close  17  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Practicing mindfulness and meditation has helped me tremendously!  Discussion Starter  I would highly recommend practicing mindfulness for anyone with bipolar disorder or depression or anxiety. I have been diagnosed with bipolar II and anxiety and the  “The Power of Now” by Eckhart Tolle in the audiobook format has helped me so much! Other audiobooks and meditations have helped too, like “The Secret of Healing” audio meditation by Deepak Chopra and Letting Go - The Power of Surrender by David R Hawkins.
 Anyone else try mindfulness and find it helps them?"
"I have decided it is not just irresponsible, but morally wrong to have biological children.  PERSONAL  Close  87  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I have decided it is not just irresponsible, but morally wrong to have biological children.  PERSONAL  The last year of my (20f) life has been living hell. Long story short, I have been diagnosed with bipolar. It is so unbelievably painful. One week I feel crazy “good” and do dumb, reckless things, even though on a surface level I know they will result in poor consequences. Another week I feel nothing, or I feel way sad, and I hate living and just contemplate suicide. I have lost and damaged relationships with very good people. I’ve gained weight from medication. I got myself suspended from my university. My life is falling apart. And all these stupid things I keep feeling and doing are simply a result of my brain being messed up.
 When I think about the possibility of creating a human, knowing it is VERY likely I could give them this problem—it feels twisted. It feels wrong. Because it IS wrong. I would never, ever forgive myself if I brought a child into the world and they had to deal with the stuff I am dealing with.
 It makes me very sad, but it also makes me feel relieved. I know this is the right choice.
 Also, I’m starting to see that I don’t have to have biological children to make the world a better place."
Making it up  Close  59  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Making it up  Does anybody every feel as if they are making their mental illness up?  I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, PTSD, and anxiety over a year and a half ago and still struggle with this.  Sometimes I feel as if it is all in my head and that I am being crazy and imaging these changes.  Or sometimes I feel as if I am simply being dramatic and allowing myself to have panic attacks.  I think I know that this is untrue but I feel this way.  Is this true for anyone else?  I would love to not feel alone.
"How to tell if it's bipolar or just me being an asshole?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  How to tell if it's bipolar or just me being an asshole?  Hey guys,
 I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 for 2 years now. I am not on meds. I never really took them long enough for me to tell a difference. My mood is constantly changing low to high and it affects me pretty badly. I am often violent or feel the need to express annoyance and frustration especially when I'm manic (hypomania). I'm easily irritated all the time and very easily turned off and annoyed. This obviously affects my relationships badly and I find myself hurting people and ruining things without realizing what I'm doing. It always has been like that.
 Lately, I just isolate myself when I feel like my irritability is increasing so I won't fuck up and hurt others again. I feel like I'm a shitty person who just ruins everything around them and I don't want to make my bipolarity an excuse for the things I do. I want to know what is caused by the disorder and what is just another issue that I need to work on.
  
 So my question is: is this even normal for people with bipolar?  how do you tell if your reaction, feeling or mood is because of the disorder or if it's just your personality? and how do you control your increased irritability?
 Thank you."
How soon js too soon to talk about mental illness in a relationahip?  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  How soon js too soon to talk about mental illness in a relationahip?  I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. When is it the appropriate time to tell someone I'm dating that I'm managing this? I've been working on managing it for 5 years now so it's not evident.
"Reddit, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and have had a troubled past, how do I introduce this to new people I meet, particularly if it's a girl I would like to date?  Close  3  Posted by  9 years ago  Archived  Reddit, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and have had a troubled past, how do I introduce this to new people I meet, particularly if it's a girl I would like to date?  In the past I've been very forward with telling new friends or potential dates, that I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.  In my past, I was a frequent drug user and alcohol user. I still struggle with alcohol to this day, however I am doing better. At this point in my life, it feels unfair to hide these things, so usually pretty early on in knowing someone, I disclose this things. I felt like I haven't had a serious friendship or relationship, since I've been doing this. Do you have any advice, Reddit?
 Also I do take medication for bipolar disorder."
"""You aren't sick! *I'M* sick!"" (TW: medical issues)  TW:  Close  56  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  ""You aren't sick! *I'M* sick!"" (TW: medical issues)  TW:  In my mom's defense, my grandma is guilty of this as well.  If you have a medical condition, I promise you my grandma's had it as well.  You got side effect X from your meds? She got the whole laundry list of side effects you could possibly get from it, even the one in a million shots.
 My mom, however, was a bit more focused. She has anxiety and depression.  As far as the govt are concerned, she's a complete basket case who can't go anywhere without being escorted by me (before NC) or my dad and even then it's extremely rare.  When they sent a medical assessor around to go through all this (because she claims benefits - these conditions mean she can't work) she also throws in the tears and the ""uncontrollable"" shaking.
 Now don't get me wrong, I have anxiety issues myself and they fucking suck.  The difference is these amazing panic attacks that she describes through tears and shaking to the medical assessment people don't exist in real life.  She's perfectly capable of walking around the entire enormous supermarket we live near without even knowing where me or my dad are or if we're even still in the store (I've even waited for her outside before now and she's been absolutely fine). And she goes around these shops at least three times a week. No wibbling, no crying, not a sausage.
 I was a remarkably healthy kid, all things considered.  I never got chicken pox, measles (German or otherwise), tonsilitis, all the usual crappy kiddy diseases that normally happen. I suppose I have not being properly socialised to thank for that (see my previous post on that).  But oh ho ho, when I was 12, I had severe chest pain after a PE class that I'd taken part in despite being full of a bog standard common cold.  I couldn't take a full breath, it felt like my chest was being crushed in a vice.  I was sent to the nurse who called my mom and said that I needed to be picked up. (As far as I can recall, my grandad did this as my mom doesn't drive and they weren't prepared to put me in a taxi).
 If you were expecting concern that her only child was struggling to breathe properly when I got home, oho you are so wrong.  I believe I was yelled at for being sent home from school and sent to bed.  It passed, eventually, but I was considerably shaken up by the experience.
 This happened again a handful more times, and every time my mom refused to get me a doctor.  Until finally my dad happens to be around when an attack hits.  He loads us into the car and off we go to the emergency out of hours doctor.  Unfortunately being an out of hours service means that the doctors there are overworked and don't give a flying fuck, and also I had to wait nearly 2 hours to be seen, by which point I'd worked through the attack myself.  The doctor decided that there was nothing wrong with me and I had probably had ""indigestion"".
 My mom used that as an excuse every time I was sick after that as to why I was being melodramatic and didn't need a doctor.
 In college I managed to pull away from her crazy by spending a lot of time at my boyfriend's, and lo and behold I end up having one of my attacks of chest pain at my boyfriend's place.  His parents are very alarmed, shove me in their car and run me to the doctors that instant.  It was finally determined that  I had asthma .
 I went home that night with a shiny new inhaler which I presented to my parents with an explanation of what had happened.  No apology from my mom (she was mad at me for going to the doctor without telling her.  I WAS 18!).
 I think she was pissed off at me because she smoked like a chimney and now that I had an inhaler and a diagnosis my dad kicked her chimney ass outside if she wanted a cigarette, so she had to go smoke in the cold and wet instead of in front of Coronation Street.
 The inhaler didn't solve all the issues, though.  There was something going on behind that as well that the doctors were baffled by.  They narrowed it down to something to do with the digestive system - at this point, they were thinking potential Crohns.  I had to do a barium meal (and oh boy if I never have to chug two pints of chalk water again it will be too soon) X-ray, which revealed nothing. (My dad took time off work to take me to this one, and wasn't at all annoyed by the fact it turned up nothing.  He just wanted me to be okay.)
 The next step was a camera either up one end or down the other.  I voted for the camera down first, because ain't nothing going up there without a damn good reason.  Because I was extremely anxious and being difficult, they agreed to sedate me for it.  Unfortunately the sedation didn't kick in until after I had to swallow the camera, because for some reason anaesthetics and sedatives don't work so well on me (my dentist now puts about three cartridges of local in my face before she even pokes my teeth because the regular amount has zero effect on me). So I was still quite aware at the point that the guy manning the scope noticed something suspect, and was able to feel the snip of the biopsy tool as he took samples of whatever he'd found.  I was wheeled out to recovery and taken home by my boyfriend, while the samples went off to the labs.
 I was diagnosed with a particular digestive system complaint that I'm not putting here because it's rather identifying.  The important thing to know is that there is irreversible damage to a part of my digestive system and the damaged cells have a chance to turn cancerous.
 I was 20. My only experience of the big C was my paternal grandad expiring from it.  You can imagine how terrified and upset I was.
 My mom just said ""it's PRE cancerous, not cancer"" and didn't see why I said ""that doesn't make it better!""  I essentially have a bomb in my gut and no one knows when it's going to go off or if it's even ticking. I have to go every couple of years for them to look at it so that if it does turn into cancer, they can catch it early, because this form of cancer has a survival rate of  19% .
 Thankfully it's not - so far - turned malignant, but that's something I have to live with for the rest of my life, this risk, this knowledge that it could be tomorrow, twenty years down the line or it could be never, but I could get that dreaded news.
 And if you ask my mom, that risk doesn't exist.
 Because I'm not sick.
 Because I get up every day and struggle through with this and my other health issues (I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and suffer panic attacks - REAL ones, that hit at random, not just when there happens to be medical personnel in earshot), according to her, this risk does not exist.
 But she's ill, you know.  She's so poorly with her depression and her anxiety that don't stop her from doing anything she wants to ever! About the only thing it does to her is makes her be a complete raging thundercunt to me and I should excuse it when she tries to shit on me because she's ILL.
 I'm NC with her now, otherwise I'd ask her which of her illnesses means that she blurts nasty shit out with no control over it, because I'm pretty sure none of them actually have that as a symptom, and I'm also quite sure that she's not getting dementia or any similar conditions as she's perfectly capable of not screeching vile shit at anyone who isn't me.
 As it is, I'll be over here well away from the crazy and enjoy my NC and the medications my psychiatrist has prescribed me because I  want  to get better, while she seems content to languish around wailing how ill she is but refusing to get help for it.  She's only recently started taking antidepressants, and that's because she was frogmarched to the doctor by my maternal gma and dad - kicking and screaming all the way."
"BP1, pregnant, and meds.  Close  3  Posted by   Bipolar 1   1 year ago  Archived  BP1, pregnant, and meds.  I don’t post here very often but I do lurk a lot. I feel like this is a good support group for me because almost everyone in my life does not truly understand what being bipolar is like, so you guys are like those people in my life that  get it .
 Anyway, I’m almost 27 weeks pregnant and have been diagnosed with bipolar type 1 for several years. I was diagnosed after the birth of our first child and was on Latuda and Lamictal, which despite some depressive episodes, have kept me fairly stable and able to function in life.
 When I found out I was pregnant a second time, my doctor titrated me off Lamictal and kept me on Latuda. After a couple months I became suicidal, so we tried adding Zoloft. She explained there’s a risk of mania associated with Zoloft but hopefully my Latuda will help keep me stable and prevent a manic episode. Unfortunately she was wrong. I have started becoming manic and so once again, I’m off another med. She took me off of it cold turkey and increased my Latuda dose to 80mg which I started last night. The last few days I’ve been feeling so spacey and just... weird. I think it’s withdrawal from the Zoloft. Sometimes when I’m walking I get this “fuzzy” feeling throughout my body. It only lasts a second, but it’s concerning to some degree nonetheless.
 Anyway, should I call her and ask if this is ok? I feel like she knows what she’s doing as a medical doctor, but part of me feels like it’s not completely safe to stop a mood disorder drug cold turkey.
 I wish I could just go back on Lamictal again because like I said, I felt pretty ok on the combination, but it’s just not proven to be safe while pregnant. I’m very limited to meds that  are  safe while pregnant, but I’m so exhausted mentally from all these rapid ups and downs I’ve been struggling with.
 I’m at a point where I may have to forfeit breastfeeding my newborn when she’s here because my mental health will require me to focus on stability over breastfeeding and I’ll have to go back on Lamictal. It makes me so sad because I’m such an advocate for breastfeeding and believe it’s such a wonderful experience for both mother and infant.
 I guess I’m just kinda ranting, but I think you guys will understand, I hope. This has been such a hard pregnancy for me and my husband, although very loving and supportive, doesn’t really understand because he can’t get in my head, you know?
 Thanks for reading! Love you guys."
"Lil' Mama so dope I fucked around and got addicted  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Lil' Mama so dope I fucked around and got addicted  Hey so I saw your post about addictions and wanted to talk with you about being bipolar and being addicted to something. A little background about myself. My name is Michael. I am 28 years old and live in the USA. I have been diagnosed with bipolar for 8 months but lord knows ive been bipolar all my life. I have 2 addictions, they are video games and weed. They basically run my life. I have friends who do them but they aren't addicted, they're functioning adults even though they smoke and/or play video games. Some thoughts on this; What is the cycle of addiction and bipolar? Maybe it is that at some point in the cycle, you need help mentally, like anything to feel good because you're in the depressive part of the cycle, or maybe you're in the manic part and HAVE to do something ""cool"" and ""fun"" so either way you go to your addiction, your life force, what keeps you here. Then because of this and through this, you're addicted to something.
  
 But like, so what? I'm just speaking out loud here, but I love my addictions. I don't want to quit them. I play league of legends, and smoke weed. I love doing it. Am I really happy while doing those two things? Deep down, I know the answer is ""not really"", BUT AT LEAST I am not drowning in despair. My addictions keep me from going over the deep end, they are what make life ""okay"". Isn't it acceptable to use these things for my own benefit?
  
 However this brings me to my next thought. Do I over-use them? I play league for like, 7 hours a day on average. I smoke CONSTANTLY. I'm high right now as I type this. At work. Was late because I woke and toked, played League for 2 hours, THEN came to work. My boss isn't happy with me. My addictions are a hindrance to my life, as you can see.
  
 Are video games and weed ruining my life? Probably. Will I regret it someday? I already do, and will probably continue to further regret they're use as I get older. But they're also saving me.
  
 Therefore I, like any other addict out there, don't know what to do.
  
 If I decide to quit.
   Will life be bleak and dull or will it refill itself with other things?
   Will I just find a new addiction? I heard it's impossible to ""quit"" addictions, one has to REPLACE addictions.
   When I am drowning in bipolar, which is often, what do I use as a crutch instead of my addictions. I use video and games to ESCAPE! I escape from reality all the time because it is so vicious for me because I am bipolar. I see the world as hell, everything is horrible because I am depressed. When I am in this place, and I need to run away and can't use my addictions anymore, what do I do? That is the time when I would relapse, not knowing what to do but needing something to help me escape my problems.
    
 4. What about quitting addictions would improve my life?
 I look at this as a cost/benefit ratio question. Simply put; is the cost of quitting my addictions worth all the work it will be? I will be missing out 100% on the things that I ""love"", being League of Legends and marijuana, and I will have to put in a lot of work finding new things to spend my life doing. And I probably wont find them as much fun as my addictions! Fuck that man, why the hell should I quit? What makes it worth it? I can't find an answer man.
  
 EDIT: Am I just considering improving my life is SUCH a BIG fashion (cause quitting my addictions WOULD be a huge change in my life) only because i'm swinging in the cycle? I mean, I really am addicted but is this will to quit just a temporary thing?"
"addictions  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  addictions  A little background about myself. My name is Michael. I am 28 years old and live in the USA. I have been diagnosed with bipolar for 8 months but lord knows ive been bipolar all my life. I have 2 addictions, they are video games and weed. They basically run my life. I have friends who do them but they aren't addicted, they're functioning adults even though they smoke and/or play video games. Some thoughts on this; What is the cycle of addiction and bipolar? Maybe it is that at some point in the cycle, you need help mentally, like anything to feel good because you're in the depressive part of the cycle, or maybe you're in the manic part and HAVE to do something ""cool"" and ""fun"" so either way you go to your addiction, your life force, what keeps you here. Then because of this and through this, you're addicted to something.
 But like, so what? I'm just speaking out loud here, but I love my addictions. I don't want to quit them. I play league of legends, and smoke weed. I love doing it. Am I really happy while doing those two things? Deep down, I know the answer is ""not really"", BUT AT LEAST I am not drowning in despair. My addictions keep me from going over the deep end, they are what make life ""okay"". Isn't it acceptable to use these things for my own benefit?
 However this brings me to my next thought. Do I over-use them? I play league for like, 7 hours a day on average. I smoke CONSTANTLY. I'm high right now as I type this. At work. Was late because I woke and toked, played League for 2 hours, THEN came to work. My boss isn't happy with me. My addictions are a hindrance to my life, as you can see.
 Are video games and weed ruining my life? Probably. Will I regret it someday? I already do, and will probably continue to further regret they're use as I get older. But they're also saving me.
 Therefore I, like any other addict out there, don't know what to do.
 If I decide to quit.
   Will life be bleak and dull or will it refill itself with other things?
   Will I just find a new addiction? I heard it's impossible to ""quit"" addictions, one has to REPLACE addictions.
   When I am drowning in bipolar, which is often, what do I use as a crutch instead of my addictions. I use video and games to ESCAPE! I escape from reality all the time because it is so vicious for me because I am bipolar. I see the world as hell, everything is horrible because I am depressed. When I am in this place, and I need to run away and can't use my addictions anymore, what do I do? That is the time when I would relapse, not knowing what to do but needing something to help me escape my problems.
   What about quitting addictions would improve my life?
   I look at this as a cost/benefit ratio question. Simply put; is the cost of quitting my addictions worth all the work it will be? I will be missing out 100% on the things that I ""love"", being League of Legends and marijuana, and I will have to put in a lot of work finding new things to spend my life doing. And I probably wont find them as much fun as my addictions! Fuck that man, why the hell should I quit? What makes it worth it? I can't find an answer man."
"An Open Letter to You Bipolar SOs  Advice to Give  Close  67  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  An Open Letter to You Bipolar SOs  Advice to Give  Hello everyone!
 I'd like to introduce myself first. My name is Sophie. I have been diagnosed with bipolar I amongst several other conditions. I have a lovely significant other who cares for me and understands me in ways that I thank my lucky stars for every single day. All of you have shown you have phenomenal hearts and capacities to love in dating your significant other and thank you so much for reminding us that we are worth loving. You're awesome and I salute you.
 I have some reflections about our relationship and how my significant other helps me cope & I thought that it might be useful and intuitive to some of you guys. I know that dating us can be really hard, and I hope I can make it a little bit easier.
  Accountability 
 I know that this is really tough because your significant other with bipolar may say some really fucking hurtful things during an episode. While both parties likely understand that this is a part of an episode, there is also an accountability factor. I believe that, in order to foster a healthy dynamic, we should be held accountable for our actions, but regarded with kindness and understanding. It is a delicate balance, but waving hurtful things that he/she said off from either party because ""oh I was cycling"" can be very damaging to the relationship can cause a devaluing of words said. There's a difference between saying hurtful things due to our sickness and saying hurtful things due to the fact that bipolarity and being an asshole are not mutually exclusive. You can usually tell if this person is just an asshole from how they handle the situation afterwards. Accountability is critical. While we can only hope to be forgiven for what we've said, we must acknowledge that we have, in fact, hurt our significant other's feelings and we must apologize for that. I know that I personally feel a great deal of remorse.
  Eject Button 
 There is a bad connotation associated with ""I just can't do this right now"" and walking away in a fight. I posit that this does not need to be the case. I can eject out of a fight if I need to. Bipolar rage is an ugly monster and I can feel it bubbling to the surface. When I suffer from bipolar rage, I will say horrible awful things I do not mean for the sole purpose of hurting the other person. It is a horrible thing and I am working on improving that aspect of myself. Think of it kind of as a ""fight safe-word"". You can use an actual safe-word if you'd like, but I very plainly tell my significant other that I am not level headed at the moment and will lose control if we continue. I tell him that it isn't him and I love him and we need to hit pause and revisit it. It is usually immensely helpful as I can come back when I am more level headed. This requires some practice on the bipolar persons part as they need to get used to getting out before the ball starts rolling. Once they learn how, this is SUCH a useful tool.
  Talk About It 
 So much of each and every relationship is communication. No relationship benefits from bottling up and keeping things to yourself. My significant other communicate about anything and everything. It's almost kind of silly. At the end of episodes, when we are both calmed down, we talk about it. We recap what we did well and what we want to improve on next time. I will say something like ""I really appreciate what you said with the..."" and such and things. Then, we discuss our feelings throughout the entire thing.
  Keep Your Head 
 I know this is really tough. I was blessed with a partner that is grounded in rational thought that doesn't really let his feelings get the better of him. we have found great success in how he is and I think it's important for the bipolar SO to try to keep their cool during a fight. I know that it is a little bit unfair, but the person with bipolar is already driven by their emotions and off the rails. The significant other keeping their cool can be very helpful. I am a logical person at heart. Some of that goes out the window when I'm in an episode, but if he can calmly provide me an argument with logic, it can be really helpful.
  Don't Let Them Feel Attacked, But Don't Let Them Attack You Either 
 It's a delicate balance. You do not want to engage in a way that makes them feel attacked. This fuels the fire and its only downhill from there. Wording is very important here. I find that it is useful to excuse yourself if either party is feeling this way.
  Know Your Partner 
 I recommend this only for those that are extremely comfortable in their relationship and know one another exceedingly well. This can go either extremely poorly or really wonderfully. When we are in episodes, we tend to say things we don't mean. At the end of the day, I have the tendency to push people away when I really want to be held. When my significant other is able to remain calm through all of that and says ""I love you and that doesn't change, can I hold you?"" I will likely start crying and he will and things will get a lot better. He does know how to read when I'm not like that though. Sometimes, I'll tell him to leave, and he'll say ""Do you really want that?"" and sometimes, he will refuse me because he knows me better than I know myself at times. Again, I wouldn't recommend this unless you know one another extremely well.
  Truths 
 Truths are hard. I had an ex that constantly called me a liar because I would be in different states and believe different things. I wasn't lying. It was just true to me at the time. It can be a very difficult concept for some people to grasp as a truth is, by nature, true, but mine do change. He is okay with that. He respects my truths. He respects my opinions at the time, because he says, ""just because they're not permanent, doesn't mean they aren't your feelings."" This is really helpful because a person telling me ""oh no you're only saying this because of your illness"" really makes me feel invalidated as a person. My feelings are still real even if they may not be the same a few hours from now.
  Building Trust 
 A common pattern that I've noticed in many people with bipolar disorder's lives are that quite a few of us have abandonment issues. It might partially be because we have a tendency to push others away or blow up relationships when it gets tough, but yeah. We are often alone and not entirely used to having people care for us so deeply. It takes a lot for me to trust someone. I also have anxiety and obsessive compulsive tendencies, so mine may be worse than the next person's, but trust is so crucial for me. During episodes, I can get depressed and extremely paranoid. I will tell myself that people that love me and my friends will leave me. I will tell myself all these awful things and start to believe them. What has really helped facilitate trust between me and my partner is the fact that he always goes through with his word. This is, in part, due to his own particular set of afflictions, but he always lives to his word. He told me he was going to be a lawyer when we met at fourteen years of age, and at twenty one, he told me he got in to law school. I know it's a really exaggerated example and people are free to make mistakes, but his consistent acts of trust and going through with his word really measures up in high pressure situations. In example, There was a situation where I was suicidal and definitely should have been taken in to a psychiatric facility. If anyone else told me they were taking me anywhere else but the psychiatric facility, I wouldn't have believed them. He told me he would take me to taco bell and promised and I stopped threatening to climb on to the roof and went with him.
  Love Above All 
 Above all, love one another. For the bipolar SO, please do not pick and choose when to love us. Our mood swings and episodes are just a part of us as everything else is. It's unfortunate, but it's also what makes us... us. My bipolar has taught me more depth in love and understanding and kindness to others than I would have never learned otherwise. My struggles have made me strong and confident and brave. While my illness is not all of who I am, and it does not define me, it has put me in to many situations of adversity that I have overcome and become stronger from. Please do not pick and choose which parts of us you love. If you only love stable Sophie or manic Sophie but not depressed Sophie, you don't love all of Sophie. Let that love be known. Let them feel safe around you. Please do not turn on us when it gets bad. Please do not let us belittle you either. It's a delicate balance.
 For those with bipolar. I hope you're stable while you're reading this right now, if you're not, I hope you come back and read it when you are stable. They love us. They care for us. They love us in spite of our illness. They love us in spite of all of our mistakes and all that we've done and they deserve the best. I once had a situation where I felt the bipolar rage bubble up. Instead I simply said, ""Okay. That hurts me, but I respect and understand your feelings"". Then, we waited around thirty minutes and he asked to talk about it. Love above all. Understanding above all. If you can feel yourself getting mad, try and stop it before it starts going downhill. It's never too late. I know that I am really prideful, but the havoc that angry Sophie has caused has taught me to take a step back and say ""wait. no"".
  Lastly, I will never say people with mental illnesses do not deserve love. We have so much to give and we are people, too. People sometimes like to blame mental illness for their inability to find love. I think that is silly because think of how many marriages end in divorce. Of those that don't end in divorce, think about how many are unhappy. The number is staggering. Love isn't hard to find because we are mentally ill, love is hard to find because it is a beautiful and rare thing. If you've found it in a person with a mental illness, who gives a crap what they have? You love this person and that's all there is to it. I hope that I've helped someone you guys."
"Does anyone else suffer from a diagnosed mental illness on top of MS?  Close  11  Posted by   25F RRMS DX: 10/2016   1 year ago  Archived  Does anyone else suffer from a diagnosed mental illness on top of MS?  Hello all, I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 1 for over a year, RRMS for over 2 years. I know I've had problems with manic depression for over 10 years though.
 I worry about the stress of my mental illness contributing to my MS symptoms, as well as lesions as Bipolar has been shown to cause brain lesions as well.
 Anyone else dual-diagnosed? I know that a lot of people with MS struggle with depression."
"Bipolar and relationships.  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bipolar and relationships.  Hi all, this is my first post to Reddit; I only discovered this community a couple of days back but I'm having a lot of issues and could really use some input and experience.
 To try keep it short, I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 2. On the whole I think I handle it with relatively minor issue. I'll admit I turn to alcohol more often than I should as a coping mechanism, but it isn't a day-to-day thing.
 Over the past year I've become very close with someone else. Initially this person was in a relationship, however it was stagnant and ended around 4 months ago. Unfortunately it ended partially as a result of the fact that I confessed my feelings to her and we ended up cheating. She never told him but did break up with him very soon after. We've not declared an official relationship however we've been involved with each other for roughly 4 months since.
 I told her about my mental health condition when we were friends, and made a heavy point to hammer home the problems it can cause when we got involved. The issue I'm facing is that I feel like she really doesn't understand how I can get, I don't feel like I have support and I often feel like I'm fighting both my own health and her. I've started finding we go around in circles: A problem arises, my mood takes a turn for the worst, she gets angry or moody or distant, I hurt her and we stop speaking for a while. This creates so so many other feelings and problems and just leads to a whole shitshow of negativity. It's gotten to the point where I feel like I'm searching for reasons not to trust her, or she's just giving them to me all to readily. I can't get over a constant state of paranoia and distrust and I can't communicate with her properly. At this point I just feel completely cursed and I'd rather just spend my life alone. I really just don't know what to do anymore, I just wish she could understand than I can't really go for smooth sailing. I need some advice or experience in similar circumstances please.
  Upon typing this I now realize this isn't very short at all so TLDR: 
 Got feelings for a girl, girl doesn't understand BP or communicate with me, end up feeling alone, hurt, offended, paranoid, etc. Don't want to give up don't want to continue."
My bipolar sleeping habits might be Chronic Fatigue Syndrome??  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My bipolar sleeping habits might be Chronic Fatigue Syndrome??  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Slight depression trigger!- I've been diagnosed with bipolar when I was thirteen. I'm eighteen now. I go through periods of not sleeping for long periods of time, and oversleeping. But for the past four years I've been severely oversleeping and having intense muscle and joint pain. I had a two week fever on which I was tested for Lupus, Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis, and Mono. The all came back negative. I usually oversleep when I go into a depressive state but my doctor says the fever, joint and muscle pain might be Chronic Fatigue Syndrom. I'm going to a specialist but sort of frustrated with not having answers. I keep reminding myself it's all in good time. Does anybody else feel achy when they are in a depressive state?
Life goal achieved!  Close  77  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Life goal achieved!  I've been diagnosed with bipolar type 2 for the past 4.5 years and it has been insanely tough to cope but after being on a steady drug regime I finally acheived one of my goals today--> I got into grad school!!
Bipolar and OCD?  Med Question  Close  3  Posted by  28 days ago  Bipolar and OCD?  Med Question  Hi all, Before I started I read the rules about questions with medications, and I plan on checking out med Monday’s as well. Not too familiar with it yet though. Please bare with me as this is long. I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder since around age 13. I am currently 18 years old. Before I was diagnosed as bipolar, a couple doctors thought I was just depressed, so we wrote it off as depression at first, in my first 2 or so hospitalizations we tried antidepressants, which were not good. They threw me into a manic episode and that’s when they gave me the diagnosis of bipolar. I was prescribed latuda first, and eventually we added lamotragine into the mix. I’m currently taking 240mg of Latuda daily, and 50 mg of lamotragine daily (25mg twice daily.) I’m also taking an anti anxiety medicine, buspirone. Last November I kind of stopped going to therapy and psychiatry appointments and also stopped all medication. I decided last month I absolutely needed to return back to both so I stated going again. My therapist and psychiatrist noted I was showing symptoms of OCD and today I was given a definite diagnosis by my psychiatrist. We discussed treatment options and we said a good medication for OCD is an SSRI, which is also an antidepressant. He suggested either Zoloft or Lexapro. I asked him how that would even work since anti depressants aren’t recommended for people with bipolar disorder and he said as long as the bipolar is managed and stable, and I’m taking those medications as I should be, then there should not be an issue with me stating the lexapro or Zoloft. I just don’t want to start this medication and something go severely wrong. He said there should be nothing to worry about as long as I’m stable and the bipolar is completely under control before starting. Does anybody here have bipolar along with OCD? And if so, are you on any medications for it? Which medications are you on for the OCD and is it helping, any crazy side effects? Tl;dr - Can I take an SSRI (specifically Lexapro or Zoloft) for OCD if I have bipolar 1 and it’s under control and I’m stable like my doctor said? Thanks so much guys!
"I'm seeing a new psychiatrist in a week, and I'm wondering how to bring up a possible ADD (inattentive type) diagnosis to her?  Close  9  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm seeing a new psychiatrist in a week, and I'm wondering how to bring up a possible ADD (inattentive type) diagnosis to her?  I'm going to the psych because I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I don't know if I truly have that. I definitely deal with anxiety disorder and depression. My brother has been diagnosed with ADD Inattentive Type, and it feels like my parents both have it. Problem is, it shares similar features to BD.
  
 I want a correct diagnosis, finally. I just don't know how to bring up that ADD might be a possibility."
"I'm Mad  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm Mad  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for 16 years. I did not actively seek treatment until about 8 months ago. This has mostly consisted of therapy. But then around June I started taking Wellbutrin and Lamictal. I felt stable for the first time in my life and it was great until I started having cognitive side effects from the lamictal. I stopped the lamictal and was thrown into mania now I'm in a mixed state and irritated all the time. I can't stand myself. I was started on Trokendi XR which is not helping.
 I'm mad I have this disorder. I lived so long thinking I was in control then I got a taste of ""normal"" and realize how hard everything is as a result of the disorder and how much I am not in control. Technically it's a disability and it just pisses me off. I know other people have it worse and I need to suck it up because this is how life is. I'm sure I'm working through the stages of grief but I'm still just mad about all of it."
"Anyone have a mental illness that largely affects their life and still pursue this career?  Close  26  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Anyone have a mental illness that largely affects their life and still pursue this career?  Hello everyone,
 Sorry if this has been asked before. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and struggle greatly with mixed episodes, but they have been getting better since starting treatment almost a year ago. I also have a lot of depression and anxiety issues and some panic attacks due to childhood trauma and on days can't leave the house. It didn't get this bad until the past 2 years after I left the military. I haven't been able to hold down a job or stay in school since. I've very recently started therapy to work through these issues and may end up with a service dog to help me out. In an ideal world, I'll eventually be able to pursue college and get my degree.
 I've dabbled in all kinds of subjects because I've always been told not to pursue psychology due to money/job stability/etc., but I've finally realized that people will always tell you what to do even if it doesn't make you happy (because the results don't affect them), so I'm going to pursue my passion. I can't find myself being motivated to do anything else.
 However, I'm worried about having episodes or spells in the future. Even when I'm better, I will still have a disability. I know there will be days that I will just have to suck it up because patients will depend on me. Are there others out there who are in a similar situation? How do you handle it? How do your coworkers/bosses react? Also, would it be possible to have a service dog and work in this field at the same time?
 PS: Any tips in helping someone just entering college get experience? I've been looking into seeing if I can apply for a Crisis Text Line and slowly working my way up to the calling lines over the years."
Never Good Enough  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Never Good Enough  Hi All. Me posting again. Ever since I've been diagnosed with bipolar I've felt like I'm not good enough. Before that I never had a problem. I was a very confident young adult and thought that I deserved good treatment and the best friends and a loyal man. Now I think that because me and my fiance are having issues communicating in the last two weeks before our wedding, I wouldn't blame him for backing out. I used to never have these issues communicating either. I was always so confident and knew exactly what I wanted and how to say that to someone else. I've lost all my fire and all my direction. I'm like a little kid looking for guidance without a spine. I want to a strong woman again. I want to be able to tell my partner I love him and that my pre-wedding stress has nothing to do with doubts on him. Do meds just kill this? Does this diagnosis take away some of your spine? I want to believe in myself again.
"Not sure what to do....  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Not sure what to do....  I've been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder 2 five or 6 years ago. I also have ADHD, depression and anxiety. I am on Vyvanse,  Risperdal,  Clonazepam, Buspar and Lithium.  I swear that my cognitive function has gotten so bad over just the last year or so and I'm coming to the conclusion that it's the meds. There are days that I just cant complete simple tasks and my memory is completely shot. My husband also strongly believes that it is because of the meds.
 I am seriously considering talking to my psychiatrist when I see her in 2 weeks about going off of my meds. I had been med free for a period of about a year, 2 years and did very well. No hypomanic or depressive episodes. I really think these pills are affecting me (they are mind altering medications). What do you think?"
"Pretty sure I'm INFP. Anyone care to help me confirm?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Pretty sure I'm INFP. Anyone care to help me confirm?  • How old are you? What's your gender? Give us a general description of yourself.
 I'm a twenty year old white guy.
 • Is there a medical diagnosis that may impact your mental stability somehow?
 Yeah, I've been diagnosed with Bipolar II, ADHD, depression and generalized anxiety.
 • Describe your upbringing. Did it have any kind of religious or structured influence? How did you respond to it?
 I was raised Roman Catholic. I kind of embraced it as a kid, went through a weird phase in high school where I was super religious for a few months, but I fell away from it and now I'd describe myself as agnostic.
 • What do you do as a job or as a career (if you have one)? Do you like it? Why or why not?
 I'm a student, studying Computer Science. It's kind of nice. Other than that I work at Staples doing tech support for customers.
 • If you had to spend an entire weekend by yourself, how would you feel? Would you feel lonely or refreshed?
 God, yes please. My schedule doesn't allow me to take vacations at the same time as the rest of my family (I'm living at home and commuting to school), so I get the house to myself for a week a couple times a year and I fucking love it.
 • What kinds of activities do you prefer? Do you like, and are you good at sports? Do you enjoy any other outdoor or indoor activities?
 I'm a huge baseball nerd, but I was never any good. I played football for 5 years, but that was just because I'm a big guy, and could do decently well as one of the big fat guys that protect the quarterback. Other than that, I like to play D&D as the forever-DM, code, write (especially on my typewriter), and play instruments/sing.
 • How curious are you? Do you have more ideas than you can execute? What are your curiosities about? What are your ideas about - is it environmental or conceptual, and can you please elaborate?
 I'm pretty curious about a lot of things, actually. I really love learning about space, physics, math, etc. I like to innovate, but it's not something I'm terribly good at. I just don't think I have good ideas. When I was in grade school I wanted to be an ""inventor"", though.
 • Would you enjoy taking on a leadership position? Do you think you would be good at it? What would your leadership style be?
 No, I've got no desire to lead. I like to be behind the scenes, but I do like having my voice heard in group decisions. I tried to describe my leadership style, but I honestly have no clue, because I just feel really averse to it.
 • Are you coordinated? Why do you feel as if you are or are not? Do you enjoy working with your hands in some form? Describe your activity?
 I've never been great with my hands, they tend to shake a lot. I've always wanted to get into woodworking, though, and I'll do small microelectronics projects occasionally, with great difficulty.
 • Are you artistic? If yes, describe your art? If you are not particular artistic but can appreciate art please likewise describe what forums of art you enjoy. Please explain your answer.
 I write a lot of music, which I don't share often. I generally write folksy/folk-punk stuff, and it generally talks about depression, loneliness, mental illness, etc. People who've heard or read what I've written generally all say I need to lighten up.
 • What's your opinion about the past, present, and future? How do you deal with them?
 I try not to dwell on the past much, mostly because it hasn't been all too good for me. As far as the future goes, I'm constantly looking ahead at what could eventually be. I've got a lovely girlfriend, and I'm excited to see what our future has in store. I'm pretty bad at staying in the present.
 • How do you act when others request your help to do something (anything)? If you would decide to help them, why would you do so?
 I'll always help someone out if I can. I don't even like passing hitchhikers on the road. I have no idea why I decide to help, I just... do? It comes naturally.
 • Do you need logical consistency in your life?
 No. Not everything has to make sense.
 • How important is efficiency and productivity to you?
 I mean, slightly? I don't like doing things terribly inefficiently, but then again I'm a huge procrastinator. It's made real problems for me in academic situations.
 • Do you control others, even if indirectly? How and why do you do that?
 No, and I have absolutely no desire to.
 • What are your hobbies? Why do you like them?
 I really like to play D&D, as the DM. It's a great creative outlet and it's always a fun experience. It often leads to table-wide laughing fits.
 Other than that, I play instruments, sing, write, code, and watch baseball.
 • What is your learning style? What kind of learning environments do you struggle with most? Why do you like/struggle with these learning styles? Do you prefer classes involving memorization, logic, creativity, or your physical senses?
 • How good are you at strategizing? Do you easily break up projects into manageable tasks? Or do you have a tendency to wing projects and improvise as you go?
 I like to improvise when it comes to getting work done. It's worked for me so far.
 • What are your aspirations in life, professionally and personally?
 Well, the current plan is actually to get a job in IT after I graduate, hopefully with the state, so I can get a pension after 20 years and do what I want to do after. I'm still gonna work after that, but it'll be something I enjoy, even if it pays less. I'm not sure what that is yet.
 • What are your fears? What makes you uncomfortable? What do you hate? Why?
 I'm terrified of heights. I'm not afraid of spiders, per se, but I'm extremely uncomfortable touching them, or anything that might move in my hand. I don't know why, but I have a deep seated aversion to small things moving in my hand.
 • What do the ""highs"" in your life look like?
 When I'm happy, I'm very happy. I'll be listening to pleasant, fun music, spending time with people close to me, and I keep a clean and organized bedroom.
 • What do the ""lows"" in your life look like?
 Isolated, pessimistic, and unmotivated.
 • How attached are you to reality? Do you daydream often, or do you pay attention to what's around you? If you do daydream, are you aware of your surroundings while you do so?
 I'm always daydreaming, and thinking about the future. I often space out and make mistakes.
 • Imagine you are alone in a blank, empty room. There is nothing for you to do and no one to talk to. What do you think about?
 I'd think about stupid shit I'd done in the past, and plan for the future.
 • How long do you take to make an important decision? And do you change your mind once you've made it?
 I get nervous when making decisions, and like to do a lot of research, figure out details, and ask the opinions of others before committing. I tend to make decisions based on emotion, but at the same time I tend towards decisions that I can change if something goes wrong.
 • How long do you take to process your emotions? How important are emotions in your life?
 I wear my emotions on my sleeve, but I occasionally have trouble processing them. They're very important to me, though. I feel emotion very strongly, and will often cry at things that make me exceptionally happy or sad.
 • Do you ever catch yourself agreeing with others just to appease them and keep the conversation going? How often? Why?
 Only with people who I care about. There's usually more conversation to be had and I really love having that connection.
 • Do you break rules often? Do you think authority should be challenged, or that they know better? If you do break rules, why?
 I'd call myself Chaotic Good aligned. I tend to live by my own morals, which happen to be aligned with most other people.
 Thanks so much for reading. I appreciate any input ya'll can offer me. I'll answer any questions you have!"
"Seasonal Depression  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Seasonal Depression  Hi all,
 Within this last year I've been diagnosed with Bipolar II after a number of hypomanic and depressive episodes throughout the year, with a greater concentration of depressive episodes in the colder months. Since I can remember, this time period has always served as a trigger for me, ranging from early October to March or so. Do any of you guys struggle with similar issues? I've definitely been feeling it these past few days and was wondering if increasing my medication might be a good idea or if any of you have any other insights."
So I'm not of a nutcase than I thought.  emotional rollercoaster  Close  34  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  So I'm not of a nutcase than I thought.  emotional rollercoaster  So far I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and ocd. I've started pulling out my own hair. I'm tracing words in my head again. Counting everything I do, like walking, chopping, weeding. Basically anything I can count. I can't enjoy sex anymore because I'm counting the number of strokes in my head. My head feels itchy and won't shut up. I don't want to go anywhere anymore because I'm so damn anxious. I really only go pet friendly places now because I only feel ok when I have my dog with me. I'm already being treated medically. I just feel like I'm losing my mind.
Doing bad in school.  Close  9  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Doing bad in school.  I've always had very good grades in school and i've always been known by everybody as a great student. Teachers always loved me and so did other student's parents. I've been diagnosed with bipolar and i've started taking meds in june and during summer i never thought about the impact it would have on school. I've never been the type that actually studies, i never felt the need to do homework or really put effort into anything because i'd still do good without trying. But now my grades are getting incredibly low and I feel so disappointed in myself, my parents, teachers and psychiatrists know my condition and don't put any pressure on me, it is only myself who always expects perfection. It is so hard for me to focus and study and I feel like an idiot, a total failure. I don't really know what to do, because even though i picked up studying i am still getting barely sufficient grades. Is there anything i can do?
Freaked Out  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  6  Posted by  10 hours ago  Freaked Out  99 Problems/Rant/Story  I think I might have hallucinated, and I am afraid to tell my therapist. It’s only happened once (kind of twice), but it really stuck with me. I saw this half man, half devil with wings, about the size of a bird, flying above my TV. When we made eye contact, it shook its head and arms aggressively, faster than anything I’ve seen before, sticking its tongue out at the same time. Then it kind of poofed away, and the walls looked like I was tripping. The only reason I feel this wasn’t a dream, was because I’ve seen the walls doing that trippy “melting upward” kind of ordeal when I was 100% awake. It totally freaked me out. I also haven’t done acid in years. I smoke frequently, though. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and panic disorder, and I believe I have dpdr as well and am working toward getting help with that. So yeah. I don’t know if anyone else has experience with this too, but I don’t know what to do from here really.
"How do you distinguish development vs hypo-mania?  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  How do you distinguish development vs hypo-mania?  I've been diagnosed with bipolar for almost 2 years now. One of the things that has really been throwing me is trying to understand where ""I"" fit into my two mood extremes. Throughout my life I have tended much more towards being introverted. Since my diagnosis though I find myself on the hypo-manic side much more which results in me being more extroverted and outgoing. I do want to be more outgoing and comfortable with myself, but the thing I always come back to is trying to figure out if it is ever progress in a good way or just hypo-manic self confidence. So the question that I was curious what others thought of is ""How do you distinguish development vs hypo-mania?"".
  
 As a side note I am not trying to make any statements about introversion vs extroversion. It just seems to be the easiest way for me to distinguish when I am more in one state vs the other."
"JustYesDH cannot get over arguments when I have mania  Advice  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  JustYesDH cannot get over arguments when I have mania  Advice  First time poster, but I've been following this subreddit for a little while now. I am looking for advice or support.
 A little background on me (F30s). I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1 with Rapid Cycling and dysphoria. I commonly have mixed episodes. I see a great doctor for treatment regarding meds and a therapist who is also fantastic. I do regularly take meds which helps in regulating my moods, but as all things go, they don't always prevent depressive or manic episodes. I do take something to help me calm down when I do have a manic episode. My family is aware of my condition. My DH (40s), who I have been married to for almost a decade, also has a mood disorder and takes medication for it. He and I have been to therapy together to tackle our diseases, and he is very supportive and tries to use the tools he has been given by the therapist to help me and cope with me when I have episodes, especially manic ones. A tool that we have both been given by our therapist is to take breaks when one of us feels like we can't continue the conversation, usually an argument. However, we don't fight much except when I have a manic episode.
 It is important to note here that I have dysphoria which presents initially as irritability and then anger.
 The event that led me to this post was a misunderstanding that led into an argument, which I had a manic episode as a result of.
 DH and I had a misunderstanding based on a comment he made that he eventually admitted wasn't well thought-out or clear regarding an opinion I have, which is irrelevant here. I tend to talk a lot when I try to make myself clear because I want to be understood clearly, which was my reaction to his comment. He mistook this as starting a fight, and called for a break.
 We have a standing agreement, and have had this agreement for a while and it works, that the person who calls for the break will go to another room for 20 minutes, after which we check back in with each other to see if the break needs to continue.
 DH neither left the room nor was gone for the appropriate amount of time before he came back and said the break was over. Part of the greatness of the break is that the person who did not call break also gets the chance to decompress. I had not had the chance to decompress yet, and told him so. This led to an argument and me having a manic episode.
 I left the room and took the appropriate amount of time, longer even, for my break. When I tried to reconnect with DH after I calmed down, he had already gone to bed. So we both went to bed without reconciling.
 Next morning, we did not see each other before going into work, which is normal. We texted our apologies and seemed to be okay. However, DH did not actually act okay once we both got home from work, even though he says he was okay and over it.
 This sort of action from him, saying he's okay even though he obviously isn't, is relatively regular. I am hoping someone in this sub has experience with this with an SO, and would share some advice on how to proceed with SO when this happens."
"New to this?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  New to this?  Hi everyone! My name is Syd & I'm extremely new to roleplaying. I am currently in advanced composition, so I know a bit about writing, and I am extremely literate. I believe it will help me with my schooling but above all, my creativity. Along with this, and I'll disclose, I've been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder and I find it difficult to focus on my actual life at times. I am restless and I truly believe that something like this could help. That is one of the sole reasons I am seeking this out.
 As long as someone is willing to explain to me what's happening, I would love to join a server or a new community. I'm not looking for anything romantic, just adventurous. I love Harry Potter and anything else that would open my imagination up to plenty. Thank you all : )"
"Petrified? Bipolar? PTSD? I can't seem to do anything. There's an aversion to everything.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Petrified? Bipolar? PTSD? I can't seem to do anything. There's an aversion to everything.  This was originally written as a stream of consciousness sort of thing. I'm a big fan of Jungian psychology and this is my way of trying to get to the base truth of my feelings. I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 2, so it might be interesting at least to glimpse into a scattered mind like this, but really I'm open to anyone's ideas for how to push past this as I am getting worse. Am I just in a depressive episode or are there signs of legit things I should confront? There's probably grammar issues and typos, it's written rather emotionally so forgive me.  I wrote it as me and the ""confronting me"", so when I say ""you"" or ""I"" it's the same person.
  
 I’m not sure really why I should do anything at all. I seem to be stuck in a state of Yin where any activity is too risky to take on, or unimportant, you name the reason for the halt it could be anything. I thought it was a nice day today, but to actually get dressed and go outside? First of all it’s really cold out… you know what people crave doing when it’s outside and it’s that icy cold and snowy? All they can think about is getting back inside and to bundle up and be cozy, warm and safe. Besides walking by myself is dangerous, I could get kidnapped or slip on the ice. There have been increasing reports of people getting lost or kidnapped in our country and these kidnappers easily, so easily, slip off the grid and get away with whatever the hell they’re doing that for, presumably torture, it must be some kind of unimaginable horror. Do I really need to risk it and take a walk on my own? What am I some kind of an idiot? I can just do some yoga at home, safely, and maybe even get some stuff done. There are things that need doing, the house needs to get in better order and there’s a lawsuit that needs attention and there’s paperwork I need to get done and turn in and I’m thinking of a potentially dangerous walk? Really? Just at least get this stuff done first before you even think about that one! You saw the bloodstain on the snow yesterday. You saw the video of a boy slipping on asphalt and dying, put the two together! One slip and you’re done… for a walk. Alone. Always walk with someone else, someone stronger that can help you and intimidate others! Don’t die an idiot or I’ll kill you. What do you even want to see out there? Trees? And how long before that gets incredibly boring? You know what’s not boring? Video games…. Watching and learning from the plethora of videos out there…. Studying ancient metaphysics, you do have the access you lucky bastard make use of it! You know how rare that is! You know how difficult that it to find let alone in English! Show other people the amazing things you’ve found! How destiny and matrixes have basis for being true and this supports that we are in a simulation and that we all have our own storyline, that’s like finding out magic is real and you’re silent. Why show it anyway. I don’t really think others would be as interested, and even if they were it took me 8+years to understand it myself, it’s not like it’s easy. I’m alone. There’s not many people who can understand it enough to talk about it. Even if I did finish that book who would buy it? Talk about a niche market. Should become a dishwasher at least then you’d get an income, but then of course you’d have to deal with people and that can be annoying. Mhmm you’ve had fun with friends in the past, but you could never get it to last could you? It’s not meant to be, you are meant to be alone, a hermit, to study philosophy and the true sources of beauty and meaning in life. Family gives you ptsd, and they’ve been texting you a lot. It feels good not to respond to them, but when they visit it still feels meaningful. Avoidant with allusive meaning. Why can’t I seem to get stuff done? I’m petrified by I don’t know what, disappointment? Fear? Maybe I think I’m rotten and should be embarrassed at myself and hide away like Gollum. I can’t seem to step outside my door, it just ends up feeling like a bad decision legitimately. I can’t seem to work, I believe genuinely that it’ll amount to nothing and that all those years of study was a wasted effort and essentially spiritual masturbation. I don’t understand the core concepts of what makes something professional, I’ve never had a business mindset like that I just don’t think in that way, so how the hell am I going to publish any actual book? Who reads books now anyway? You can’t even get yourself to read the books you _want_ to read that aren’t stories. You broken loser. How can I even fix this mess? Can you be turned into anything of value?? What can you actually DO? Look nice? And how long do you think that’s going to last? What else do you have? Patience and observation for intuitive study on the esoteric arts? OR are you just on the spectrum and think you’re some kind of messenger that’ll help humankind? My fire seems to be dwindling. Dying in the snow was a happy thought. Why have I been nostalgic for death? Even as a kid I would say “I want to die.”. My brain is messed up.
  
 TLDR: I have been dealing with an aversion to life, low motivation, low passion and feel too stuck to do anything at all."
"Need Help. Already punched myself in the face a bunch.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Need Help. Already punched myself in the face a bunch.  I don't know what's going on with me today. I told myself I was going to get sober. I've kept to that. But ever since I've woken up the day has gotten progressively worse. The depression, the anxiety and the anger. I can't shake this feeling. I feel fat, unhealthy, I owe money,  I don't walk my dog enough, I don't hang out with my rat enough, i dont exercise enough, my diet has sucked lately...I don't do anything good enough. I've somehow let everything get to this point again. I was doing so well. I know i am ranting.
 I feel like everything is crashing down. I feel like there is no tomorrow. I still have to work tonight. I don't know how I am going to do it. I feel like i want to throw and break everything. FUCK. I just went into the bathroom and wailed on my face with hopes of getting a black eye or two. Now i just have swollen cheeks. I tried to hide it from my dog but she knows. I can tell.  Everything I am typing out is so small. But to me it feels BIG.
 I've had one really bad breakdown in my life and this feels comparable. I just can't stop being mad. I am so fucking angry and want to fix everything in the next 5 minutes.
 I dont know if this is the right place to post. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and manic depressive disorder and ocd.
 I feel unwanted, even by myself. I just feel like i cant do anything right. god damnit.
 I wish i could put myself on a 72 hour hold, but i have to fucking work and there's no one to watch my dog."
"In which I learned to stop caring and love my brain  Close  5  Posted by   ADHD-PI   1 year ago  Archived  In which I learned to stop caring and love my brain  (Hi all, LTL/FTP and all that) I'm 33, female, first-time college student (failing), disabled Veteran with no outside insurance, living in the PNW, recently diagnosed after YEARS of struggle.
 I admit that my topic sentence is a bit of a misnomer. Rather, my therapist has instructed me to never, ever, refer to my brain as ""stupid"", ""bad"", ""broken"" or other words to that effect, as it's just reinforcing negative thinking. She's right, of course, but it's a damn struggle.
 (warning: long ramble, attempt TL:DR at bottom)
 Thanks to this group I started reading  Women with Attention Deficit Disorder: Embrace Your Differences and Transform Your Life  by Sari Solden, and I can't even begin to explain how explosive my 'aha' moment was. I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Type II for the past 8 years. It's one of the things that got me a medical discharge from the Army. Ever since then I have been working with two psychiatrists to manage my mood lability, fatigue, anxiety, and PTSD stemming from non-combat related assault in the military. The hitch in that is that every single time they tried to put me on a ""typical"" medicine for bipolar disorder I reacted poorly. Mood stabilizers, anti-convulsants, even the gold standard of lithium only seemed to turn me into a shuffling gray zombie (lithium gave me a fine tremor for the rest of my life, whee!). So, after switching doctors I began a regimen of SNRIs, and they hoped for the best.
 Folks, I worked so much better on a mix of buproprion and now some duloxetine. All of my reading states that SSRIs and SNRIs should be used with caution with bipolar disorder, because the risk of a hypomanic or full manic state is high. I NEVER, even when taking the highest dose of buproprion possible, ever came close to a manic state. Feeling decent? Sure. No longer hopeless? Yeah. Sleeping well and being a fully functional member of society? Not so much... no. Let me tell you, I began to doubt my diagnosis. Quick cycling emotions from depression to rage to tears to neutral to ecstatic is supposed to happen within days or weeks, not over the course of 24 hours. I hadn't had a 'hypo' manic episode in years, except they counted my frivolous spending habits and my consensual slutting around with ethical non-monogamy.
 I got desperate. I begged for a re-diagnosis, a fresh look at my symptoms and hoped for a mix of better meds so I could function like a real-life adult instead of a half-invalid who can't hold a job or attend school regularly. After much discussion, I was sent to a neuropsychologist who did some card trick tests and a history of my scholastic career to suss out what might be causing my fatigue, brain fog, memory problems, and my general inability to DO anything for any length of time. Lo and behold, I came back as ""borderline ADHD"" and she recommended that I be treated for stress and chronic pain and that would fix my problems. Jokes on her, we tried that and it didn't work. So my psychiatrist decided to take the 'borderline' diagnosis and turn it into a full one. ADHD Inattentive type. She prescribed me Adderall, and we slowly walked me up to a 'therapeutic' dose. Those who have gone through this know what happens next. It's like a fog lifted and I could see the trees for the first time. It was like when I got laser eye surgery, and after 10 minutes under that laser I could suddenly see all the cracks and dents in the ceiling tiles without my glasses! (I laughed out loud at that. The doc said it was a common reaction). I'm not out of the woods yet, which is irritating me and frustrating my psychiatrist, because she seems to think that I should be 100% back to normal now, and can't understand why I've still failed this most recent quarter at college (maybe because I've learned so many maladaptive coping mechanisms that I'm really starting over from scratch, not to mention dealing with the admittedly better chronic pain that still plagues me?)
 She's threatening to take my script away all together, so I'm trying like hell to bring her ""proof"" that I'm getting better. I'm legitimately afraid of what might happen if she denies my next refill (VA hospital, so every 30 days I have to walk in, sign for and hand-deliver the prescription and swear on my life and my unborn children's lives that I'm taking them as directed, never selling them, and not taking anything considered a ""depressant"" regardless of it's legality)
 Wow, I'm off topic. I wanted to say just how amazing Ms. Solden's book has been in opening my eyes to my diagnosis, and how it's given me the first real tools to advocate for myself and my brain, and not simply have to rely on my psychiatrists' personal opinions on ADHD (spoiler alert: she truly thinks I just need to ""quit school for a while, get a job, and build better habits"", when she knows full well my last job fired me due to bad performance because of brain/body issues) but she's willing to listen to me a bit, and my therapist, who is not connected to the VA and I'm paying her cash out of pocket is more than happy to help me build scripts to discuss these types of things with my psychiatrist to hopefully stay on the path that is Adderall and healthy coping mechanisms.
 For those of you diagnosed later in life, how did you get past your coping mechanisms? I don't think that any of us truly developed this as adults, I can think back and distinctly remember times that I showed 100% ADHD-PI tendencies throughout elementary school on up to high school. I feel like I'm re-learning how to learn, and that by being slow at it I'm being punished for it. Suggestions or advice or links or books are all welcome.
 TLDR: Late in life diagnosis, dealing with Adderall showing me that life is better than I thought, and yet suffering from maladaptive coping mechanisms that keep failing me. Psychiatrist seems less and less willing to put up with my ""shit"", and my out of pocket paid therapist is doing her damnedest to keep me properly medicated. Suggestions welcomed."
Do you have any other psychological disorders? (Please answer even if just to say "no").  Close  10  Posted by    languid/depressive/remote schizoid    2 years ago  Archived  Do you have any other psychological disorders? (Please answer even if just to say "no").  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, OCD, anxiety, and social anxiety. I probably also have aspergers. How about you?
"Struggling  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Struggling  I'll try to keep this short. I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2 amongst other things. On Tuesday I went to the psychiatrist for the first time in months after having been off my meds for lack of insurance. I started on .5mg klonopin and moving back up on my lamictal. I felt a little better yesterday during the day. The last two weeks or so have been pretty bad, I was in bed a lot and going up and down through too depressed to get out of bed and then trying to spend time with my best friend. I have newly became friends with my best friend, we'll call her B. She is caring, understanding, goes out of her way to make me comfortable, etc. She's great. But I think my freaking out might be pushing her away even though it isn't. I emailed my doctor yesterday and he told me to go up to 1 mg klonopin and night and .5mg during the day. Last night, after about 4 days of crippling anxiety and staying in my bed I tried to go to my best friends house and help her with her new dog who has been causing her stress. My boyfriend was supposed to bring me home but wasn't answering so B wanted to bring me to my parents instead of my car, she asked to talk to my mom on the phone and she was crying and upset. She dropped me off at first and I was mid-meltdown (I didn't yell at her or say anything nasty/mean to her, I would never as she's too sweet). After I got inside my parents house and was bawling my eyes out my mom ended up calling her back and she came back over. She laid with me and I fell asleep until my boyfriend came and she went home. I'm really worried that I'm ruining things with her by not being able to be stable even though I went to my appointment 2 days ago, started the meds again, etc. Hanging out with her is something that makes me really feel better and I know it does for her too because I'm not always like this. We understand each others anxiety and kind of do our own thing. I'm scared that because of last night/me being so up and down the last week or two that she won't want to be my friend or come around anymore. I have many friends but none like her that I feel like I can trust and actually open up to about my mental illness. I just really want a hug and to know thing are going to be alright. I think my meds aren't right yet but I don't want to lose a best friend in the meantime because my anxiety is too crippling and my depression sucks me up. Before this we were hanging out every day, always making jokes, talking about our issues. I think that her getting the dog on Friday may have a bit to do with this too. I just want to handle this in the easiest way possible for her because I don't think she's dealt with someone like me before.
  
 TLDR: I had a bit of a meltdown last night after about a week of crippling depression and I'm afraid my new best friend and I'd relationship is going to suffer."
"12 Rules for life (Thank you)  Text  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  12 Rules for life (Thank you)  Text  I am a 26 year old danish guy, who has struggled a lot in life. Periods of depression, unmotivated, family problems etc. My lack of strength and the void that filled my thoughts and mind was overwhelming and (recently)even ended up costing my relationship with the one i thought was gonna be my wife someday. I went to therapy with a psychiatrist, which didn't help, numerous psychologists have been involved throughout the last 10 years with no (lasting) effect. Your different speeches peeked my interest, mostly because of the logic and meaningful concepts that made me think and ree-valute things. Ive followed most of your courses online and found them effective in multiple ways. I've tried just fighting myself without knowing what to do. In my own self loathing, guilt and selfhate you made me realize that only i can change things, even though i knew it beforehand, you made it selfevident and clear to me. I've been diagnosed with bipolar personality disorder(most likely inherited). I finally started on medication(both pharmaceauticals and 12 rules for life) and since then im starting to get better. started with the simple things and took more difficult tasks that have succeeded. I'm on a path to eventually study engineering and things are looking exponentially better than they have in a long time. even though i am step having a hard coping with the fact that i chased away the girl of my dreams(which i know now is ok) im still healing more and more. I've overcome family suicide, other family related problems, bullying, other kinds of unfairness and always knew that i was the only one to change things, but now i( thanks to you) have been handed some of the most important tools to actually have real meaning.
 The uttermost gratitude and thanks to you. I cannot describe how much of a beacon you have been for me over the last couple of years(more or less shining of course).
 Everlasting thank you. Sincerely the grateful Dane"
Does anybody else have trouble taking time to eat?  Close  19  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Does anybody else have trouble taking time to eat?  I can't remember how long I've had to deal with this. I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1 and anorexia, but I don't avoid eating because I'll see myself as some RV if I gain 20 pounds-- I just have trouble eating and sticking with it. Whether it's forgetting, too stressed, too distracted, depressed, blah blah; you name it.
Application asks to address any areas of concern regarding undergrad grade performance-- yes/no for mentioning undiagnosed mental illness which is now being managed?  Close  4  Posted by  1 month ago  Application asks to address any areas of concern regarding undergrad grade performance-- yes/no for mentioning undiagnosed mental illness which is now being managed?  I graduated with a 2.85 undergrad GPA.  Currently applying to grad school with 97% percentile verbal, 73% quantitative, 4 writing on the GRE and three years of relevant professional experience.  Since undergrad I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, for which I am now being treated.  Some applications have a section asking for an explanation of any previous poor performance for grades.  Does anyone with experience on either side of the computer have any advice as to whether it might be a boon or a bane to include that as since undergrad I am now receiving professional treatment?
"I can't relate to anyone because I don't understand anything  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I can't relate to anyone because I don't understand anything  I don't know what good and bad mean, or even right and wrong. I don't understand the concept of sharing opinions. I speak English, but I don't actually know what any of it means. I just know that some people say they like cake, therefore cake is good. I don't know what good or like is, and I can't connect with people because of that. I don't know how to start learning to communicate with people because the dictionary define everything using other words, which I don't understand, because I've been deprived of my humanity.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar schizoaffective disorder, and I think this is my depression. Please help or provide resources."
"Chronically leaving my apartment a huge mess, cannot seem to stay tidy, or keep the motivation to stay tidy. Any helpful tips?  Close  18  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Chronically leaving my apartment a huge mess, cannot seem to stay tidy, or keep the motivation to stay tidy. Any helpful tips?  Hey guys. So I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 2, for about 2 years. I struggle terribly with keeping my apartment organized and tidy. right now, my kitchen is disgusting, there is underwear and clothing littered throughout the apartment. There's cups and dishes everywhere. The whole place needs to be swept, dusted, and vacuumed...
 Occasionally, I'll go on a cleaning binge and do everything, but it always gets right back to being disgusting. It's embarrassing and I know people are judging me. They just think I'm messy.
 Things that are obvious and normal and easy to other people (throwing trash away, putting clothing away after using it, putting items back where I found them) do not come naturally to me. I leave trash everywhere without thinking, I throw clothes on the ground, I scatter items around the house absent-mindedly.
 I swear this is such an issue for me. I hate it. I've thought about hiring a professional organizer but the root of my issue isn't even really organization."
"I heard this was a safe space for this. Trigger warning.  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  14  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I heard this was a safe space for this. Trigger warning.  99 Problems/Rant/Story  (Sorry for the garbage format. Mobile life) I've been diagnosed with Bipolar type 2 since I was 12 when I told my mom that I wanted to hurt myself. I spent countless years in mental health hospitals and I went to a treatment center(that helped me tremendously).
 I guess I'll start with how my father was untreated Bipolar and how he abused my mom . He killed himself before I ever got to meet him. I've tried to kill myself a total of 5 times with mostly overdoses.(Lithium, Depocoat, Clonidine, Ibuprofen, tried to jump off a 5 story building). I went to a Mental Hospital about 15 times and I counted each time because I really believed I couldn't get help.
 What snapped me back into reality and showed me that I needed help was my final attempt with the Clonidine, for those who don't know, It's a blood pressure medication. I ended up in the hospital (as per usual) but what scared me was when I woke up, my mom wasn't stern like she normally was. She was sobbing and thanking God that I woke up. I was in a coma for 5 days and that's honestly the most scary thing I've ever heard a doctor tell me.
 This is where things get even more crazy.  I had a bad, BAD episode and came at my mom with a knife. Cops were called and I ended up in Juvie for 6 months until they found a treatment center for me. I showed up to San Marcos Treatment Center and thought of it as another prison, I was wrong.
 San Marcos helped me learn about myself, coping skills and so much more. My psychiatrist/counselor, Ms.Beck was a perfect fit for my needs. I owe my life to her and my mom because she showed me how to deal with it. She wasn't some woman with a degree, she was a saving grace. I spent 2 years in that facility and I wouldn't take those 2 years back ever.
 As I got older, I started to worry about my insurance and having to pay for very expensive medication. At 18, I stopped taking my meds and started controlling myself. I do not suggest getting off your meds if you do not feel safe/comfortable to do so. I did it cause I knew I couldn't afford it and I believed that I could control myself. I mostly smoke weed to help but I'm also very artistic and use that as an outlet.
 It's just crazy to think that I planned to kill myself at 18 and now I'm 22 and getting my life together with a boyfriend of 3 years. I just thought I would share with everyone and let you all know, things get better when you want to better yourself. Even though the suicidal thoughts and impulses come and go, I think I'm doing pretty good.
 If you guys have questions about any of this, I'll be glad to answer. I just wanted to get this off my chest."
"Anxiety and hallucinating. What to do?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Anxiety and hallucinating. What to do?  Hello. Using a throwaway for obvious reasons.
 I've been diagnosed with Bipolar II for the last 6 years. I'm having some severe anxiety over the last 3 days and have started hallucinating again. I hate not knowing when to go to the ER but I feel like it may be time to go. The clonazepam isn't helping any more and I can't stop thinking that something terrible is going to happen to me. I'm not suicidal which makes me feel like going to the hospital would be a waste of everyone's time. I just need some opinions on what to do here."
"I can't identify what's going on  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I can't identify what's going on  I'm typing this with shaky hands so please bear with me.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar since seventh or eighth grade, and I'm 19 now. Despite probably thousands down the drain from my parents for therapy, testing, and medication, I feel like I'm just as stuck now as I was when I was first diagnosed. Over the past few weeks I've been having random crying fits and getting incredibly angry over the smallest things. I just got off the phone with my SO and told him to fuck off like four or five times because he was trying to help me set up an app that would remind me not to go places or with people without telling him, which I do frequently. It's like I can't stop all these self destructive behaviors that are ruining the first healthy relationship I've ever had and got me kicked out of my house because I would just verbally rage.
 I'm currently on Trileptal, Effexor, Prazosin, and Seroquel.
 My SO constantly checks on me because he's worried I'll go into a manic state and run away or ""disappear"" as he calls it. I've done that before our relationship, but not yet during our 2.5yrs together.
 I'm super scared of myself. I've been known to rip out my hair and pinch my skin and hit myself during moments of high anxiety or anger.
 I know this is all jumbled and probably doesn't make sense but I don't know what's going on and don't know what to identify all of this as.
 Any advice or theories or whatever is greatly appreciated."
Not sure if hypochondriact about being bipolar, or if in denial about being bipolar  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Not sure if hypochondriact about being bipolar, or if in denial about being bipolar  I'm seriously grappling with this lately. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder in my teens and 20s, and have been on a rainbow of medications for it. But even then I felt I was misdiagnosed because of this (possibly made up\possibly real) scenario: I'd go into mental crisis, look up my symptoms online, become convinced that I have whatever Google tells me I have (bipolar, fibromyalgia, cancer ..), and because I'm so convinced of this myself, I'll convince my doctor of it too. So my fear is that I'll end up dealing with med changes, brain chem changes, a slew of nasty side effects, possibly malformed future children, or not being able to give my son a sibling, all because I was wrongly convinced (just like I was with fibromyalgia). I am strongly against medication, and believe that they have ruined my life. The thought of going back on meds and having this diagnosis is so horrific to me. My partner keeps telling me I'm in denial. I don't know what's real. I don't what to believe.
"Going to work (Help)  Advice  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Going to work (Help)  Advice  I am kind of new to this and I feel like its my last chance. I need help and I don't know where to go. I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1, and Today is my 2nd day of work (Technically my 4th but I called in the first 2 days) I love my new job, but I have the hardest time to go, not because its a job... But I cant eat anymore, I have to force myself, I throw up every morning before work, and I just break down in crazy erratic emotions before and during the day.
  
 I cant lose this job, But I feel the world is resting on my shoulders for me to go to work and thats heavy. I'm breaking down and getting panic attacks by just thinking of going to work in 2 hours.
  
 I need help, I feel alone and everyone just tells ""Just go to work and you'll be fine after"" But I'm never fine after and when they say that I really can't go! It gets harder! What do I do..."
"My boyfriend thinks mental illnesses aren't real  Close  84  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  My boyfriend thinks mental illnesses aren't real  This past weekend I was extremely depressed and reached out to my boyfriend of 3 years. He verbally attacked me, telling me that I can ""control"" my depression and that even schizophrenics ""can distinguish reality from their hallucinations if they focus on it"".
 He gets mad at me when I go to therapy (I've been through several therapists) and doesn't like that I ""rely"" on medication to make me happy. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 2, and the meds help me function.
 3 years and for some reason, this is this most unforgivable bullshit he's ever said. I can't get over it and keep focusing on it all day long. He's so priveleged. He's a tall white handsome man whose family pays for his college OUT OF THEIR POCKET (don't even need loans!) and take him to fucking Belize on Spring Break. He has no problems. He smokes weed all day long to hide his emotions, but God forbid a person with a mental illness take medications!
 I keep getting pissed just remembering some of the ignorant things he said to me in the ""fight"" (If you can even call it a fight, he more of just yelled at me while I cried for 2 hours). I need motivation to leave him.
 UPDATE: I'm leaving him. Thank you for giving me the push to do it."
"I feel an episode coming on... I gotta go home. And now I'm mad at myself because I feel like a failure.  Close  17  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I feel an episode coming on... I gotta go home. And now I'm mad at myself because I feel like a failure.  So long story short, in the past couple days, I've received a lot of calls/texts from my family and (real life) friends who are concerned about my well being. I had come up here for peace and quiet, in hopes that I could ""figure it out on my own."" I just started back on meds, so I thought I'd be fine. But the mental stress, combined with the actual stress of all these people paying attention to me for a change, is bringing on an... episode.
 I don't want to say manic, it's not like some kind of emergency. Sorta hypomanic, but with overwhelming anxiety. So... mixed? I don't know. I just know it's really not comfortable.
 And it gets worse when I think about how I feel like such a failure. This has happened so many times, and it always fails. And if that wasn't enough, I found out today my benefits will be temporarily slashed in October (random, I know.) So I'm using this as the  only possible motivation  for me to try and get a job. These deferment forms for college payments (NOT student loans, apparently summer classes have different kind of aid and I never paid for them?) are basically demanding I do it anyway.
 Luckily I adjusted my private student loans to a super low rate, but the federal loans I haven't even addressed. Then there's unpaid psychiatrist bills and fuck knows what else. My primary care doc is awesome enough to prescribe meds, but I can't afford any other kind of mental health care that I need. It fucking sucks.
 And my dad isn't helping. Every conversation we have is just ""uh huh"" ""yeah"" ""okay""... I can tell he's not even listening. I know he's having a hard time. So I'm thinking I should rely on other family members for this stuff, but in the huge family I come from, I don't know who I can trust. Or who's even willing to help.
 I guess what I hate is that  this  had to happen for people to start paying attention. My extended family is going above and beyond to help us sell the house, but nobody knows how to help  me . And I feel like it's because they think I'm a lost cause. Or maybe they just don't ""get"" me. Most people don't.
 (Interestingly, I just realized that most of them probably don't know I've been diagnosed with bipolar. They base all their information about me on what my dad tells them, and  he  doesn't believe it...)"
"How do I talk to my Orthodox mother about mental illness  Close  19  Posted by  2 months ago  How do I talk to my Orthodox mother about mental illness  My mother converted to Orthodoxy when I was 19, so about 20 years ago. Some of my extended family are Protestants, but I was raised without religion and I am not a believer. She is very serious about her faith and is currently staying at a monastery abroad.
 I had my first serious depression in my late teens. Over the past 20 years I have had several debilitating depressive episodes and a few bouts of hypomania (mild mania), and have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, for which I am being medicated.
 I've managed to do well at university and I now have a high status job. I am happily married and have two beautiful children. From the outside everything looks picture perfect. Only my closest friends and my family know that I am ill.
 I've just gotten out of the hospital a week ago after once again being severely depressed due to stress. Fortunately I was put on very effective medication, and recovered quickly.
 What hurts me is that my mother doesn't seem to belive that I am ill, even though she is a nurse by profession. Since my first episode she has basically told me to ""get it together"" and that I shouldn't be medicated. I sometimes wonder if she thinks I brought this on myself due to not being a Christian. Is her thinking due to Orthodox teachings or just her personal point of view?
 What is the Orthodox Church's stance on mental illness?"
"crosspost from /advice I'm at a crossroads with career due to mental illness  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  crosspost from /advice I'm at a crossroads with career due to mental illness  I'm 26 I do tier 1&2 tech support and other IT tasks at a decently sized fortune #### company.  I've been diagnosed with bipolar for 6 years. Anxiety and previously depression for 15
 I've been having one of the worst depressed episodes in years. We're going on 5 months now. Typically when I have an episode and I'm working the either the collateral damage from the mania or stagnancy from the depression lead to me losing my job.  But with this one I have short term disability insurance and FMLA so my job is protected.
 I'm at home thinking about what I want to do with my life and if the life I lead could be contributing to the stress I feel. I went to high school for writing and was a college drop out for film.  I have a passion for the arts, a talent for the science, and an interest in a lot of other fields.  And surmountable debt from my previous studies.
 Part of me knows the reasonable thing would be to go back to work, but it feels like a big ol wall is blocking me.
 The tricky thing is that the disease makes you feel like moving and making changes and starting new projects and idk if thats what that really is.  I could use some outside insight
 I'm trying to figure out if it makes sense to go back to school and apply for disability/scholarships/ect or continue down the technology path."
"I get paid in two weeks on the 28th. I'm thinking of buying a cheap shotgun and ending it.  Close  33  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I get paid in two weeks on the 28th. I'm thinking of buying a cheap shotgun and ending it.  I'm a drug addict. I use cocaine, opiates, alcohol, benzos, and heroin occasionally. I've been diagnosed with bipolar for a few years and I guess I do the drugs to self-medicate.
 Well I went to the psychiatrist and went though 60 pills in one way (30x 1mg clonazepam and 30x Temazepam) and I'm tired of this roller coaster. I can't stand it anymore. My wife and I have been married for almost 5 years and last night in the car we were talking about my abuse issues. I told her I've tried to get help so many times and it never works. I'm an addict and that's it.
 I asked if she would be okay without me, and she said ""I would make do without you, I could raise the kids myself, move back with my parents, etc.""
 So I told her that she has until the end of the month to make a decision. Does she want me in her life or not? I told her to have fun explaining to the kids that their father won't be around anymore. This is all I ever wanted out of life. A wife and kids who love me. I want to see my little boys grow up (4yo and 6mo) and they absolutely adore me.
 I've always had suicidal tendencies and I'm tired of being a drug addict with a mental disorder. My bipolar will not go away as I get older, I'll be there forever, and right now it feels like my marriage won't.
 I have a problem, though. I don't want to hurt anyone. I know they'll be hurt but in her words ""I'll get over it.""
 I've been thinking about this for a while now. Do I need to write a will or something like that? It should be painless if I use buckshot. I can walk into any gun store and walk out with a shotgun + ammo within two or three hours.
 2017 was supposed to be good to me. I got a good job, moving to  a new place, etc,. People WILL miss me. People WILL hurt when they realize that I will never be around anymore to make them laugh and smile.
 I won't get to see my baby smile anymore, or read beditime stories to my oldest. Never again will I kiss my wife's lips or hold her when she cries.
 She put the straw on the camel's back It's happening. Of course I can't tell a psych. because they will lock me up for 3 days and that'll do nothing.
 10 days."
"Just started medication for bipolar diagnosis, need advice please?!  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Just started medication for bipolar diagnosis, need advice please?!  I have a similar story to others.  Had many mental health issues throughout my life, got about 5 different incorrect diagnosis, was on various meds that did nothing, etc.
 Well, within the last 4 months I've been diagnosed with Bipolar I, and it's been horrifying and a relief at the same time.  I fit the criteria like a glove.  I saw a new psychiatrist who confirmed the bipolar diagnosis and started me on Lamictal. Within the first fewweeks i could tell it was going ton work.  There was just like... a damper on all my emotions.  A very small one, but it was there constantly.
 However, I'm having this mini crisis because I'm starting to miss the mania.  I am having VERY good luck with the medicine, and even people around me have commented on how things have been different, but I feel like I'm not myself anymore.  My swings were bad.  From so angry that I kicked down a door in my house, to sitting in the bathtub with a blade trying to think of a reason to stick around.
 So i guess to make this as short as possible... how do you know what's you, and what's the bipolar disorder?  I know that the medicine is probably fixing me and not making me a zombie, but it feels like I just can't feel as much anymore.  Which is probably fantastic for everyone around me lol, but to me it just feels like a part of me is missing.
 Any advice please?  Any stories or experiences you can share?"
"I'm happy . For now.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm happy . For now.  I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression about a year ago. But I've always remembered having the symptoms most of my life, I'm 20 btw. I quit my job about two months ago because I was about to flip as usual. I guess from other peoples perspective I look like a lazy dead beat. I've always tried to do better for myself but eventually it always come crashing back down. One day ill be content and the next I have a noose around my neck... fuck I need a therapist..
 LETS PAY $ TO FIX MY BROKEN ASS .. cool.."
"Meds and Therapy - It's getting worse.  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Meds and Therapy - It's getting worse.  I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 2 about 3 years ago. Previous diagnosis was just for Depression and Anxiety.
 Since then, I've been on medications with varying dosages - higher when suicidal, lower when coping or a stable mood (stable but not good). I've seen a pyschologist for 2 years straight on a monthly and sometimes weekly basis. My Hypomanic state has led me to do countless months of research into my own health and tracking my own data etc. I feel like I've done it all.
 So I can't understand why it's getting worse. It's worse now than it was 3 years ago. I've had more suicidal thoughts now than ever, I've had 2 very near misses in the past 12 months alone - but felt like pure luck that they got interrupted.
 I'm more tired, my downs are worse, my highs are triggered by the easiest things. My family are aware so they see it. So it feels like the more and more I try the worse and worse I get. And when I try to relax and let go - it goes downhill rapidly - sometimes within the same hour.
 I need real life experiance to help me with some options. I want to go off my meds just to see what happens. I won't without speaking to my doctor. But short of that - what else am I missing?
 I've done meditation, healthy eating and good sleeping (as much as you can with 2 kids under 4), physical exercise - all with a good routine and I still get the severe crashes.
 Ideas? Because I'm stumped, and it's now starting to take a toll on my family and I'm not sure how much more I can inflict on those that I love and more importantly for me - how much energy I have left to keep dealing with it."
[Birth Control Help] What are some alternatives to hormonal birth controls?  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  [Birth Control Help] What are some alternatives to hormonal birth controls?  I've been on Nexplanon for almost 3 years now and it's been a complete nightmare. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and depression, horrible periods, breast pain etc. I do not respond well to hormonal birth controls AT ALL so no pills, no implants etc. I am entirely certain that I do not want children at all in the next 5 years. What are some birth control alternatives besides just condoms and spermicide or watching my period that won't lead to infertility?
"On medication, going to regular therapy, haven't felt depressed in a while, still want to die.  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  On medication, going to regular therapy, haven't felt depressed in a while, still want to die.  I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression since high school, but have only recently begun treatment for it. I've been on medication (Vraylar 3mg) and going to weekly therapy for about 4-5 months now. The medication has definitely helped with the mood swings associated with bipolar disorder; I've not had a single depressive or manic episode in about three months now, and counting.
 I haven't missed a day of work in about two months, my mood has been as stable as can be. I've been going out with friends more and trying to enjoy whatever life throws at me. By all accounts I've been improving, I'm normal, I'm fucking cured.
 And yet, however, there are moments when I'm lying in bed and I think ""Wouldn't this shit be easier if I were dead?"". And to be honest, it would. I wouldn't have to go to a job that I hate, I wouldn't have to worry about popping a daily pill that's doing god knows what to my insides, and I wouldn't have to worry about becoming a burden on my family and friends if the treatments start to fail.
 Sometimes I wish that I could get myself euthanized, just to make all this shit stop. Sometimes I wish I had the courage to do it myself. Sometimes I wish I could fall asleep and never wake up.
 I don't know why I'm having these thoughts. I'm not depressed right now, as much as it might seem I am, I know I'm not. I've actually been making the effort to better my life, to make myself NOT feel this way, and yet here I am.
 I'm not trying to glorify suicide in any way, shape, or form. But to me it just seems, I don't know... The easiest option, I guess.
 I just want this shit to stop."
"[F17] I really need someone to listen  Close  9  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  [F17] I really need someone to listen  This is a throw-away, because I don't want anyone in my personal life to see this. Let me preface this by saying I've been diagnosed with bipolar tendencies (i guess you can't diagnose bipolar disorder until you're 18), severe depression, chronic anxiety and body dysmorphia. I've been hospitalized for a suicide attempt almost two years ago, and I've struggled with self harm since fourth grade. I was bullied relentlessly throughout elementary and middle school. Thankfully, i've been clean for a year, and after the hospital I got on medication and things started to get better for a while. My senior year has been great so far but it's starting to get bad again. I used to be a social smoker, but now I'm completely dependent on marijuana for everything. I'm not hungry unless I smoke and I can't fall asleep unless I smoke. I need it to get through the day. I can't go to college, because I can't afford it and my mom says she can't consign on a loan for me. I totally understand that too, because if my dad were to die she'd be in trouble and in tens of thousands of dollars in debt. I'm just sad because I want to go away like all of my friends but I can't. My dad is most likely going to lose his job soon apparently too, which is going to put us in poverty. My mom and dad fight all the time, and hate each other. They've both talked about getting a divorce to me exclusively. I pretend like it doesn't bother me, but it does. My dad is addicted to prescription painkillers, and locks himself in his room the minute he gets home. He comes to my choir concerts, plays, and musicals but leaves almost immediately after it starts, which hurts me a lot. I pretend like I don't care about that either. The thing that hurts me the most now is my dog was put down today. She was my first dog. I was allergic to dogs when I was way younger. I grew out of it and it took so long to find her, because my mom was set on picking the perfect dog for us. We found her, and now she's gone. I was the one who stayed in the room with her, because my mom couldn't do it. I pet and comforted her while she died. I've never had to cope with someone dying before, and it's so hard. She was just a dog, but I still loved her so much. I want her back so bad. My problems are so minor compared to some people's, but I'm so sad right now. I don't know what to do. This is the first time in a while that I've wanted to kill myself, but I don't want to go down that road again. I just don't know how to cope anymore.
 [EDIT:] first off, thank you to everyone who's commented and pm'd me. it means a lot that strangers are taking time out of their day to console me. i don't know how i forgot to mention this earlier- i was having a panic attack while writing this- but i was raped earlier in the year as well. that hasn't really helped my current situation."
"Fearful I’m heading down a path of sex addiction at 18 years old  First post  Close  5  Posted by  2 months ago  Fearful I’m heading down a path of sex addiction at 18 years old  First post  Sorry to be another “is this me” post. I’m sure there’s a lot of these here and I know you can’t say much. I took the self assessment and only felt more confused, to be honest. I am not sure if I have concerning behaviors relative to sex addiction or not or if I’m already there lol. I’m afraid it will get worse or more destructive. But people also justify my behavior with my age.
 So more about me, I am an 18 year old female. I became sexually actively at 16, but prior to that, I did have sexual fantasies for a very long time. I recall being as young as 8 and watching how-to YouTube videos. It wasn’t really porn, but it was to me anyway. Since becoming sexually active, it’s something I want to do often. And now that I’m legally an adult, no one cares where I am or what I’m doing. I have sex at least four times a week, often with different people. One question on the self assessment is: “Do you frequently want to get away from a partner after having sex? Do you feel remorse, shame, or guilt after a sexual encounter?” The first part of that is accurate for me. I want to leave almost right away. But the second part is not. I don’t feel guilty at all. I feel very prideful and excited and like I want to get up and run away, but again, not out of shame, but happiness. And I want to tell people. I have the desire to be active and energetic. I love male attention. I love everything about it and I am always looking for it and it’s always sexual. I’ve been working at my job for 8 months? And I’ve had sex with two coworkers so far. One of which, is habitual. I have sex with him fairly often and I like him and want a relationship with him, but I feel that way with two other guys and I just rotate through them. Things are going good and then I get annoyed because I want to have sex with a different person. We break up and I have sex with guys I don’t know and then I’ll have sex with one of the guys I like while still having sex with randoms. Then I’ll have sex exclusively with that person for a while and again we break up.
 I’m not sexually attracted to women, at least I don’t think, but if I see a girl who is physically attractive and has a cute personality, I’ll fantasize about having sex AS her. Not with her, but as her. And with a guy. And for hours. At work, I talk about sex often. It’s inappropriate but I’m a cute, young girl who is regarded as being in a party phase, which seems to give me a pass. I’ll talk about wanting to have sex with guys and all the guys I’ve had sex with. If there’s a new employee (I work with a lot of college aged guys because I work right by a college) my coworkers will joke with me that I’ll end up hooking up with him. And that makes me so happy and excited and I don’t know why because he likely doesn’t want to even talk to me.
 Oh also I have been diagnosed with Bipolar I which is being managed with medication and talk therapy. I think it’s relevant because I’m a high risk for addiction. But I don’t have many symptoms of bipolar disorder due to the medication and everything. I think it’s under control and my sexual activity isn’t me experiencing mania, it’s different."
"How Xbox (and mainly Halo) helped save my life  Close  91  Posted by   Cemetery Girls   4 years ago  Archived  How Xbox (and mainly Halo) helped save my life  What you're about to read is something I originally posted to  r/halo  a few months ago, but looking back on all the fun I've had with my Xboxone in general, I think it belongs here. I'd just like to spend this post telling a little bit about myself, and how the Halo franchise helped save my life in several ways. :) It's long and semi-dramatic so bear with me.
 When I was a little kid I always watched my brother play Halo 2 online with his friends. Because I didn't have many friends, and the game looked incredible I felt close within their group. I only ever played it once, and that was like one minute of me trying to figure out how to play the controls. I was like 8 and my mother didn't want me playing M-rated games. So for several years Halo stayed in my mind as this interesting, epic shooter that I really wanted to play.Throughout all the years (I'm now a senior in high school) my curiosity on Halo only grew more and more. I saw let's plays of the games, watched Red Vs Blue, and even got a Halo 3 shirt from my brother. Whenever I was addicted to something like music, other video games, or a TV show, every once in awhile I would be reminded of Halo and think ""Mmmh... Should really play that someday"".
 High school hasn't been a very fortunate time for me. I've been diagnosed with bipolar-depression and anxiety disorders, lost several close friends/relationships, and overall I didn't have many friends at the time. The last close group of friends I had I lost badly when at a near-Christmas party I had a very bad panic attack, that ended up scaring everyone to the point where they wanted nothing to do with me. I just kept losing friends, my depression was taking its toll more and more on me, and I was just exhausted with everything in life. I've been suicidal for several years, but with all of the shit that was going on at that time I was just done and wanted to end everything. I wasn't okay.
 But a few days later at Christmas I got the Master Chief Collection, as well as a Xbox One. I was surprised as I didn't mention wanting a Xbox One to anybody, and didn't even know MCC was a thing. So after all the installing it with the One I started playing and... DDOS attack, which prevented me from continuing playing it. I did get a few games in, and while I sucked badly at it, I was having loads of fun experiencing what I was missing out on for the past decade. I was born too late.
 As the months went on, I got better, more pissed, and had way more fun. I played customs, beat all the campaigns on legendary (except 1... Tough SOB), replayed all the campaigns, played probably 1000+ multiplayer matches, and overall I've just been having a blast. I love all of the Halo games, my favorite probably being 2. Yeah it sucks that at times I get completely destroyed, but those moments when I'm having the time of my life make it all completely worth it.
 If I didn't get MCC, I have no idea what I would have been spending the last 5 months doing. Probably something just as productive, haha. Not only Halo helped, but the characters, especially Master Chief. Through him I found a role model who takes on all of the crap that gets thrown his way, and uses it as a fuel to keep pushing onward. I know that honestly sounds very silly, but I've looked at him as a therapists of sorts that has given me motivation to help overcome all of the stress and emotional rollarcosters that I feel on a daily basis. Another character is Johnson, who through all of the crap that he's witnessed, always cracked joked and laughed in the face of near-genocide of the entire human populous.
 I know it's just a video game, but it's helped motivate me look at things in a more positive way than I normally do."
"Relationships between BPD/bipolar and Asperger's  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Relationships between BPD/bipolar and Asperger's  Since the previous topic about this issue has been archived, I've created this one in order to continue the discussion on this subject.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, though some psychologists have suspected of BPD, and I'm currently dating a guy that's been diagnosed with Asperger's since he was a child. We've been together for only 7 months, we really love each other and have plenty of good moments together. I get along really well with his family and to this point we've had almost no serious problems. Nonetheless, I'm confused about the way he deals with feelings in general. He says he usually feels emotionally empty, that he's uncapable of really understanding what others feel, and even less knowing what to do when facing someone in an emotional breakdown. He also can't communicate very effectively and may say things that are innapropriate when dealing with someone in a fragile state. Even though I know it's not his fault and that I'll also never be able to get what goes through his mind, I can't help but mistake this for coldness or indifference, and sometimes I get mad at him because he doesn't seem like he wants to help me at all, though I know that's not true, then I regret it right after. I don't really know how to deal with this situation and I hope I'll get used to it sooner or later, but I feel that we'll never be able to have a real emotional connection and that it might harden the whole relationship for both of us."
Jumping up and down during mania  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Jumping up and down during mania  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. During my manic episodes, when I get excited I start jumping up and down (and I usually put my headphones on to intensify my mania). I've been doing this since I can remember and it's taking its toll on my knees. I'm currently taking meds for my disorder, but they're not stopping my jumping up and down. Does anyone have a similar issue? How do/did you stop/control it?
Options  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Options  I've recently come to the conclusion that there isn't a way I can handle all this. I'm 21 and been on the edge of suicide till age 7. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, ptsd, anxiety disorder, depression and dissociation disorder to mention few. I've only had one attempt at age 12 and then I decided to at least see if there was something that would make life worth living. Here I am, I tried school, working, getting help. Everything I could think of as the "right way" and now I'm tired of this and ready to end it. Except I'm still quite not. Life is so precious and valuable I don't want to waste it. Anyone got any ideas where and how I could dedicate my life or maybe get a new start (got myself a few of those, but I mean like a different one) in an enviroment that is truly different? I've looked into some off the grid communities but most of what I found you need to buy a property of your own. I'm broke and uneducated so not really too much in value but I figured there must still be more use for me then hanging at the end of the rope, right? P.s. Not interested in joining a cult
"Does anyone else go years between episodes?  Close  9  Posted by   Bipolar 1   2 years ago  Archived  Does anyone else go years between episodes?  Background: I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1 for over 15 years now. Over the years this diagnosis has occasionally changed, but it always eventually comes back to bipolar disorder (although I also definitely have some anxiety issues). I often deal with low-grade depression, which is probably my norm, but I've only really had three ""real"" episodes that stand out. They all started the same: hypomania leading to a brief, brief period of euphoric mania, and then going straight into dysphoric mania (or mixed mania and depression). After these episodes are over ... I go back to baseline normal. In fact, I become so normal, and so high-functioning, that it's like I never had bipolar disorder at all. After a year or two with no episodes, I go off my meds, with my doctors' blessings, and everything is basically fine.
 I'm not really looking for advice per se, but just wondering if anyone else has this experience? I realize I'm pretty lucky to be able to live a ""normal"" life not plagued by mood swings the majority of the time ... I just wish my episodes weren't so personally disastrous when they do happen."
"I'm at a crossroads with career due to mental illness  Work  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm at a crossroads with career due to mental illness  Work  I'm 26 I do tier 1&2 tech support and other IT tasks at a decently sized fortune #### company.  I've been diagnosed with bipolar for 6 years. Anxiety and previously depression for 15
 I've been having one of the worst depressed episodes in years. We're going on 5 months now. Typically when I have an episode and I'm working the either the collateral damage from the mania or stagnancy from the depression lead to me losing my job.  But with this one I have short term disability insurance and FMLA so my job is protected.
 I'm at home thinking about what I want to do with my life and if the life I lead could be contributing to the stress I feel. I went to high school for writing and was a college drop out for film.  I have a passion for the arts, a talent for the science, and an interest in a lot of other fields.  And surmountable debt from my previous studies.
 Part of me knows the reasonable thing would be to go back to work, but it feels like a big ol wall is blocking me.
 The tricky thing is that the disease makes you feel like moving and making changes and starting new projects and idk if thats what that really is.  I could use some outside insight
 I'm trying to figure out if it makes sense to go back to school and apply for disability/scholarships/ect or continue down the technology path.
 P.S.: I am enrolled in therapy"
"Currently trying not to walk straight into traffic  Close  0  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Currently trying not to walk straight into traffic  I don't know what's up with me today, but my urges are way stronger than usual. Someone at work said something completely innocent and I immediately wanted to start crying. I took such offense to it when I know they didn't mean anything by it. I've been crying a lot recently when normally I don't even feel emotions. It's honestly starting to scare me.
 I feel like my emotions are going off the deep end. I've been diagnosed with bipolar, depression, severe anxiety, but I've never  felt  like this before. I've just never felt anything besides depression and anxiety. I don't know why I'm upset but I am and all I want to do is kill myself. I don't know what to do."
"Should I volunteer mental health information that isn't explicitly required? (DoD, SF 86, secret clearance)  Close  4  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Should I volunteer mental health information that isn't explicitly required? (DoD, SF 86, secret clearance)  Question 21 on my form doesn't ask about mental health counseling in general, it only asks about whether I've been court ordered to seek mental health counseling or hospitalized for a mental health condition, and whether I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, etc. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder years ago, but I believe it was a misdiagnosis that was caused by side effects from my anti depressant. I mentioned this in the comments, and how I've seen other doctors, yada yada.
 My question is, should I now explain why I was taking an anti depressant? Or just leave it be since they didn't ask about it explicitly?  I'm sorry if this is a dumb question."
Stereotypes  Close  18  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Stereotypes  As a nurse I coordinate a lot of patient care. Today I received a phone call from a patient who requested a letter specifically stating but he doesn't have a serious mental illness like being bipolar or schizophrenic. My heart sank when I heard that. I have a full-time job, a house, a car, an associate's degree, and an awesome fulfilling social life. One of my best friends is also schizophrenic, she is also responsible with her diagnosis. She has a high-profile job, two Bachelor degrees and a master's degree. It is for this reason, why I'm always so hesitant to tell people that I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1. We are so often misconstrued in the media as well as having these negative stereotypes propagated Within our own local communities. I am proud that we've come so far, but it still hurts when I hear things like this. I have to remember that this isn't something that people can see, that most people understand, that most people don't experience in their lifetime until they come in contact with somebody at the very worst. I apologize for this being very long post, but I hope that at least a few of you can take solace in my experience and know that we are strong tribe. Everyday that we wake up and decide to face the world proves that we are strong. It's like having 50 lb weight always tight around your neck but we still keep going.
"Over the years, I have been diagnosed with bipolar type II, narcissism, borderline, substance abuse and OCD. what's your list /r/ ?  Close  1  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  Over the years, I have been diagnosed with bipolar type II, narcissism, borderline, substance abuse and OCD. what's your list /r/ ?  11 comments  share  save  hide  report  54% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1    7 years ago  I don't visit a psychiatrist unless I need something from them. I've been diagnoised with ADD which was planned since I can get the meds I need.
 What's your shrink done for you after checking off his laundry list of symptoms and giving you a few diagnoses?"
Bpd?  Therapy Rant  Close  0  Posted by  2 months ago  Bpd?  Therapy Rant  So I have been diagnosed with bipolar. But I also haven't been completely honest with my doc/therapist. I've looked into BPD alot these last 2 weeks and I seem to fit the description. Not going to lie scared the hell put of me and made me emotional as hell! But i and very narcissistic. I do things lately out of the thrill because I enjoy it and the real me inside hates that. So moody and alot of the time I feel empty inside so lonely and never accepted even though I have a wife and use to have friends but I fucked that up to. And when I get down god to I get down thoughts stupid thoughts I cant control but never took action on them and tried just hurt my self with cutting hitting things or tattoos/piercings. I could go on and on and on. But I'm glad I found this group I hope I'm welcome and we can help each other understand more about mental illness!
"Auditory hallucinations?  General Question  Close  3  Posted by   Mixed Episodes   11 months ago  Archived  Auditory hallucinations?  General Question  Just to preface, I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2   with predominantly mixed features for about 7 months. I usually have hallucinations that are tactile and command, which get more severe when I'm in a mixed state (rarely do they show up when I'm stable and only when I've messed my sleep up or stressed out). I'll have explosive head syndrome (auditory hallucinations around sleep) often, but besides that and the occasional, ""I think I heard my name be called"", I don't think I have serious auditory hallucinations. Both of those, I feel, are fairly common for the normal human being and I don't see them as attributes of bipolar. That being said, when I smoke a large amount of weed, I'll get auditory hallucinations that mimic my explosive head; a constant sound of a group of people whispering near my ears. Would this just be the weed causing this or is this really the bipolar that gets worse with the drugs? Would this make the explosive head syndrome may not be explosive head as well?
 I know you folks aren't doctors, but I would love some input and insight of your experiences! Thank you!!"
"PTSD and Bipolar  Close  4  Posted by   Bipolar 1 + PTSD   1 year ago  Archived  PTSD and Bipolar  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for most of my life but most recently I was talking to my doctor about some stuff that happened when I was younger and how I think it affected my current life (feeling physically ill from pornography and freaking out when people get  anywhere near my lower back among other things) and she came to the conclusion that I have PTSD from these events. She officially diagnosed me and I don't know how to proceed. I was wondering if anyone had any advice on how to deal with these symptoms now that I know what it is. Should I be on meds for it (I'd rather not) or can I deal without? Anything would be appreciated whether it's advice or just wanting to relate. I'm just going through alot right now and it would be helpful to hear from people who also  deal with both of these disorders.
  
 EDIT: I just want to say that I am also relieved by this diagnosis because these symptoms have been with me for a long time and I had no idea the reason behind them until now, which I guess is one good thing that came from this situation."
"Wondering about ECT when depression phase is becoming more mild  Close  2  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Wondering about ECT when depression phase is becoming more mild  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Mainly I've had really strong (treatment-resistant) depression through my experience with it. I've tried around 15+ meds in the anti-depressant and (a-typical) antipsychotics in several combinations. Some meds have been useful to break going into a mania, but they do not aid whatsoever in anti-depressive function. While avoiding or curbing down mania can be accomplished, it will generally throw me right back down into the dark dumpster of depression within a week or two.
 With that background, I've been experiencing most recently: depression, with strong suicidal thoughts and some draw to act. As of the past couple weeks things have become much more manageable and seem to be heading towards a more mild part of depression.
 However, I still find it difficult to sleep at times. I'm still experiencing the suicidal thoughts more rarely. I find myself getting panicky, negative, and feeling hopeless a at least few times a week.
 I am interested in getting ECT, but from what I read it usually has the best results when you are furthest towards either depression or mania. I would like to carry-through with getting approval and trying ECT, but I'm wondering if it's better to wait based on starting to feel somewhat better. Then again, my mom mentioned I might still not realize how much I am in depression despite having things be more manageable than before
 Thoughts?"
"April 30, 2019... too many feels today.  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  April 30, 2019... too many feels today.  Only I would  transcribe a conversation with my therapist for Reddit to see.  But today was my last day with her, so...
 So, I got a new-ish diagnosis today: Bipolar 1. I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 2, and at least a few personality disorders (which she claims are bullshit, along with the ""mild autism"" I was diagnosed with as a kid) but my therapist said she thinks BP1 fits... because the way she sees it, I'm in the middle of a manic episode.
 This is like... the validation I've been waiting YEARS for. But at the same time, it makes me doubt what I feel like is legit happiness about being sober and having a new lease on life.
 I need to start going to meetings. I'm thinking maybe NA, because I assume it's a younger crowd than AA. But I'm worried about fitting in because... well... I never fit in anywhere.
 I really hope to start going next week... but after this past week, I'm fucking burnt. Just need a few days of rest."
"Today marks four weeks since I stopped drinking and I want to drink [GOOD UPDATE]  Close  5  Posted by   482 days   9 months ago  Archived  Today marks four weeks since I stopped drinking and I want to drink [GOOD UPDATE]  This is an update to a my  one-month post .
 tl;dr: I haven't had a drink in six months and everything improved dramatically. I treated my depression, achieved mental clarity, lost a whole bunch of weight, and have made promising strides in my career and dating life. It was hard at points, but is proving to be worth it. I don't ever want to drink again.
 I haven't had a casual drink in six months, and I'm done drinking forever.
 Since my last post, I was diagnosed as having a depressive episode. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for 13 years, so these come and go. I'm currently seeing the best psychiatrist I've seen since my diagnosis, and she gently convinced me to try an antidepressant I'd always been reluctant to try. This drug has completely changed my life. For the first time since my diagnosis, I feel completely, 100% normal and in control. I sleep restfully, and I no longer experience strong urges for alcohol, nicotine, or even sweets.
 School still sucks, but at least I now have the energy and drive to deal with it. I started running again, and I've lost 20 pounds since January. My skin cleared up, my body looks amazing, and for the first time in my life I actually have cheekbones!
 The school year ended and I went straight into a job as a summer associate at a particularly fratty Big Law firm. I took not one sip of alcohol during my whole time in the program, and everyone else was too drunk to even notice.
 In addition to the very intense experience at the Firm, I've also had a pretty intense summer personally. I've gotten several job offers that I have to choose between, I got kicked out of the apartment I was renting for the summer, I'm connecting with estranged family that I've never met before, and I've been dating a lot. I've done all of this completely sober.
 Truth be told, I feel on edge all the time. As my world continues to expand, these events seem to keep snowballing into bigger, higher stakes opportunities. It's a good kind of stress though, the kind that comes from choosing between so many great options, and knowing that I'm only a couple of steps away from living a life that I've always dreamed of. I genuinely believe that my life would not be so big, and so full of opportunity if alcohol were in the mix.
 My psychiatrist would not have recommended the drug I'm on had I still been drinking. I would have lost so many hours to making disappointing decisions on drunken dates, and mornings spent hungover. I wouldn't have had the energy to pursue these professional connections, nor the insight to leave what was a very shitty living situation. And I probably wouldn't have connected with the guy that I'm currently seeing, and that I think could turn into something.
 I described some things that happened when I was still drinking and he said, ""I really can't imagine you ever angry."" I only ever get really angry when I'm drunk. He's never going to see me drunk and so he'll never see me angry. So many of the bad alcohol-driven aspects of myself are effectively gone. That really makes me very happy.
 IWNDWYT"
"Feeling like a burden  Close  2  Posted by    10 months ago  Archived  Feeling like a burden  So i've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and i'm also narcoleptic. I'm 18 and have been pretty fucked up for as long as i can remember, my first suicide attempt was at the age of 11,didn't talk to my parents about my issues up until i was 15 and i overdosed, my brother found me laying unconscious and called 911. Since then it's been a lot of trips to the psychiatric hospital and shit. I now have treatments for those two things, but still attempted suicide up until i was 17, my last attempt i tried to hang myself but the rope broke when i fell unconscious. My worst suicide attempt was at the age of 16 which endend up with me being in a coma for three weeks.
 My grandfather was paranoid and was terribly abusive of my father. My mom had to get adopted at a young age because her mom killed herself, she had been diagnosed with schizophrenia. Also, my brother was diagnosed with depression and tried to kill himself once.
 I seld harmed a lot, mostly cutting myself, then developed an addiction to heroin at the age of 16, i drank, and still do, a lot of alcohol, even though i don't drink as much now. But when i do drink, i get wasted ans usually end up pretty bad.
 I have a boyfriend, it's been 10 months now, it's all going so well between us, we're talking about moving together next year, i couldn't be happier with anybody else.
 But thing is, i'm terrified of ruining everything. I'm so fucking scared. I feel like a burden. I feel like i ruined my dad's life. There is not a day that goes by where he's not worried about me. I have a bad relationship with my mother, so i feel like i'm ruining that too. I'm scared of making my boyfriend unhappy. I'm terrified of burdening him with my problems,just like i was scared of burdening my parents.
 I don't want to feel like dead weight anymore. I already talked to my dad and boyfriend about it, but whatever they say, i can't seem to believe it. They say that i'll never burden them, that they're here, and will always be, here for me.
 But i still feel like shit. I hate being mentally ill. I hate myself for needing others so much.
 I still sometimes wish i'd never woke up from my coma. It would all have been much easier, for everybody.
 My boyfriend would've never met me, my father would've already moved on by now, and i would finally be at peace knowing i'm not a burden anymore and that i can finally let the people i love live their life without worrying about me all the time..."
"What just happened to me? Was it some sort of panic attack or fever?  Close  3  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   11 months ago  Archived  What just happened to me? Was it some sort of panic attack or fever?  So I'm 21, white, male, I live in NY, I'm 6'2 and 190 pounds and I only take melatonin for medication, just 3 mg a night. I've been diagnosed with bipolar, ocd and ptsd (ptsd from abuse as a child, not from one big event, at least that's how my therapist seemed to explain it to me). I had something happen in my day that was pretty stressful at like 6pm where I had to talk to my dad about something and for some reason I got crazy nervous about it beforehand but that went away after like 10 minutes, just mentioning this because though that was significant enough my day was overall not very stressful other than that.
 I went to bed at like 3am which is normal for me, I closed my eyes and after a few minutes I hadn't gotten to sleep (also normal for me, it can take me a while to get to sleep) but I started getting these sort of chills in my feet, then my legs, then my hands, then my arms and I got this sense of impending doom, like I legitimately thought I was gonna die and I wouldn't wake up after I went to sleep. My heart starting beating really fast for a few seconds, like it was beating at a different rhythym like I had 5 heart palpitations in a row and I felt extremely anxious with the chills persisting, I also started to feel a little nauseous and kinda like I had a fever.
 I thought about going to the ER but I'm familiar enough with panic attacks and I managed to calm myself down enough where I felt okay moving so I could look up the symptoms, I also felt like if I created a fuss about going to the ER my dad would get mad (I live with him and this is probably how he'd react) and I might either have him yelling at me on the ride over or I'd be put in an ambulance, I thought the stress from that might cause me to have a heart attack and I didn't feel safe driving so those are the reasons I didn't go to the ER.
 Even though it's warm in my room I felt cold and I put on a sweatshirt and covered myself in my comforter and blanket completely and watched funny videos on YouTube to try to calm me down, after like 20-30 minutes I still felt really anxious but I felt better enough to come out from my covers a bit and put my phone down and try to sleep.
 I slept for like 2 and a half hours and woke up from a stress dream feeling still a little bit nauseous but not much, feeling sort of after shocks of anxiety but overall better, though I feel like I had a migraine, like my brain feels a bit like a brick. It's 7am now and I feel like 95% better.
 Anyways I'm gonna call my doctor on Tuesday but I'm wondering if I should be concerned about this and what it might be? If it's a panic attack, do panic attacks have effects that last this long?
 Edit: Also i wanna say I feel touchy, like if something were to stress me out too much right now I'd be put through all of that again and back at that level."
"Bipolar II, ADHD, and stimulants?  Advice  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bipolar II, ADHD, and stimulants?  Advice  Hi, haven't posted in a while but the last time I did I was still without a therapist or a diagnosis.
 Now, I have both. I really like my therapist and I've been diagnosed with Bipolar II and now ADHD as well. I was timid about starting mood stabilizers but he recommended I get prescribed a stimulant for my ADHD symptoms.
 While it would be nice to be able to focus and have motivation to actually complete my heavy coursework from my grad program and work and keep my home tidy,  I am a bit concerned that a stimulant will push me beyond my typical hypomania... and sleep even less.
 I was prescribed vyvanse and am deciding to wait till I have a less hectic day to try it out (Sunday). Articles experimenting with stimulants and those with Bipolar and ADHD are far and few in between, but apparently its common practice?
 Do any if you have both diagnoses and been prescribed a stimulant? How did it go? I dont expect medical advice, just peoples experiences.
 Thank you so much, love this forum for support."
"PCOS possibly gone worse?  General/Advice  Close  1  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  PCOS possibly gone worse?  General/Advice  So I hope the flair was right. Also a fair warning for triggers. TW- medical gross stuff menstrual cycle stuff and other unpleasant medical mentions. And some depressing background stuff with mentions of people passing away and depression such thinfs
 So to start I've had PCOS most likely since I was 15-16 it didn't start to flair up to badly until my mother and brother passed away. Thats when the depression really hit and started turning me into a stress ball. So my periods went to hell and with an abusive relationship to boot it didnt help my body or cycle. I was diagnosed I believe I was 24ish when I finally got an answer. I didn't have the normal signs. I wasn't bleeding or anything like you would when a cyst burst. Mine were just beign but hurt like hell. I was told I had PCOS got put on Metformin (side note. I'm an odd ball. It didn't help much at all) and nothing more was done.
 I saw my first Gyn who was great but he did the basic exam and told me nothing and apparently I was good. But in this last yr I had missed his appointment (depression hit hard I was admitted to the behavioral unit.) So I had to see a new one Female this time. She set me up with the exam did the testing for STDs just in case but didn't really do extra testing given my background is well. It sucks family history and what not. But she put me on birth control the pill. Well i suck at remembering the pill. I have an issue with mu basic pills let alone that. So we tried the Depo Provera shot. Which brings me to the issue at hand.
 I started it in March. Arm hurt but whatever it's a muscle shot. But its almost time for my 2nd shot so almost 3 months have passed. But I've gotten really bad. This is where the major TMI/TW starts.
 For the last 2.5 weeks ive been excessively bleeding like beyond a normal period for me is with or without birth control. First 2-3 days I was like okaay this is odd but it happens. But it lasted a week and it wasn't spotting or light. I've gone thru multiple pairs of panties ive possibly ruined a pair of pants and its bad. It stopped for a day about a 1.5 days and it went right back to heavy as hell. To top it off I've been having excessive discharge too. But its not colored from what I can tell because blood and all. But its more than normal. I know its not a yeast infection. I've had plenty same with kidney infections. And to make every thing ten times worse The Pelvic pains are back in Full force. Like stuck on the couch because of pain sort of deal. Laying on either side on my back etc doesn't help AT ALL. And i cant just pop an ibprofen as needed due to acid reflux issues. Also have gotten sharp stabbing pains in my vulva too. Like all these symptoms have become full force in the last 2.5 weeks. Severe itching between the thighs and vulva (near the entrance on the sides) cysts or boils are coming back on the upper part. Its bad. And one side feels like theirs a rash or a ton of bumps their (next to not on vulva). And I've gotten those little white bumps on my thighs too which arent to bad but when one is on the flabby part of your thigh and cant be drained or well anything done to it. It hurts worse. I can barely sleep or sit or move without pain. I'm calling my gyn tomrrow but no idea if they will see me or not. And I've been diagnosed with Bipolar depression it sucks big time. I'm unable to be medicated due to an issue with the only clinic in the area that took my insurance (trying to fix it now) but he depo shot has caused my mental stability to get worse. More episodes worse depression etc. This happens when I take anything in regards to hormonal replacement anything so a lot of trouble has started with this shot.
 This isn't normal for me. I know whats normal and this aint it. I should not be in so much pain that i nearly cry nightly. The bleeding and discharge amount isn't normal either. What do I say to the doctor? How can I push to actually be tested and find answers as to why I'm having such symptoms. I don't really have a hospital I can go to. My local one won't do jack shit and the other ones are quite a drive. If I have to I will go to the further one. i just don't know what to do. I'm starting to get to the point of being able to think about pregnancy and kids and PCOS being untreated is already put me at a disadvantage so has the Depo shot. I don't know what to do I don't have a mother to ask I don't have an older female to talk to either. I'm scared as hell that this could be Endo. I'm already in a fight to get gastric sleeve surgery I can't have this too. What do i say or do to get a doctor to listen to me that its not just in my head?
 Thanks guys
 EDIT: I forgot to mention I've also an autoimmune disease. I've Hashimotos Disease. Its caused my Thyroid to basically be just a piece of fat in my neck. The doctor has no reason to remove it yet because it hasn't caused an issue yet."
I feel like I’m failing  Close  11  Posted by  3 months ago  I feel like I’m failing  I’m 26, a mother of two (4&1) and have a boyfriend who is the father of my youngest. I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 and BPD ( borderline personality disorder) and PTSD. I’m not a few medications to manage it all. I have added some medical bills to our already stressful budget to try and hep me get better and on the right meds. They make me very tired and some days I struggle to keep myself awake. I also work 12 hour graveyards and on the days my boyfriend works I have to watch my little one, the oldest is with her dad, sometimes I don’t hear her and she ends up crying in her bed. I feel so awful and try to be there as best as I can but I just feel like I am just failing and that I am a horrible mother and I put so much stress on my boyfriend and I am just never able to do enough. I try to stay stable for everyone but I just keep coming back to this and I just don’t know what to do anymore. I’m just a failure to everyone.
Mood Swings in mania  General Question  Close  2  Posted by   Bipolar 1   11 months ago  Archived  Mood Swings in mania  General Question  I've been diagnosed with Bipolar and as of right now I'm not on meds (I can't get meds until the summer) and I was just wondering if it's normal to change moods quickly when you're manic. I've jumped from excited to angry to happy to anxious to sad in the last couple hours and I have no idea why. I was just wondering if this is bipolar or if this is a different issue?
"I'm either obsessed or depressed  Close  73  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm either obsessed or depressed  Either I'm currently obsessed with something (or even someone), full of energy about it, and going for a goal and killing it...
 Or I'm not, and I'm tired and I can't focus and I feel like I'm trudging through mud to continue with the things I started when I was obsessed.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I know what BD depression/mania feels like, and this isn't it. I'm stable on meds and haven't been episodic in years. Is this an INTP thing, maybe?"
Advice?  Caution - Suicidal Thoughts  Close  1  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Advice?  Caution - Suicidal Thoughts  Hi, I've been diagnosed with bipolar for about 5 years now. And been on & off so many different medications. I've finally found one that hasn't turned out horribly, yet I am still experiencing constant suicidal thoughts. I have nobody to talk to, really. Does anybody have any recommendations or advice? I just want to stop feeling so pessimistic about everything. I want to be able to see a future for myself, but at the moment, I just can't. Thanks.
"Attracted to colors  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Attracted to colors  Hi friends. Am I the only one who is attracted to colors? I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 1 and everyone I met is thinking I'm delusional.
 For me the planet is like a rainbow. Red (fire) for the center. Yellow for the ground ( urine. excrement ) . Green for plants ( green acid ). Cyan for oxygen.  Bleu for the water in the clouds. And Magenta for the electricity over the clouds.
 This is why we tend to love buildings that are red (bricks). Or beige . Skin tone walls. It's because the ground is yellow ( brown it's the same and beige  ).   We tend to love brown house made of woods because it's represent the yellow part of the ground like in the rainbow.
 The blue water in the clouds fall down on earth and form the blue oceans but it's original place is in the clouds.
 The earth is really like a rainbow.
 For me there is no God. The univers is made of codes like this one. And I think that Aliens want us to discover that by ourselves . And they push us to open ours minds about these knowledge. Without giving us the real truth. They want us to understand it by ourselves.
 In the bible they also said that God created the planet in 6 days . Red-Yellow-Green-Cyan-Bleu-Magenta. 6 colors and the seventh day he took a break. The seventh color is white.
 Anyone like me attracted by these delusions or actual truth? :)"
"My New Years Resolution: Stay Clean [long post]  Close  22  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My New Years Resolution: Stay Clean [long post]  I've been using heroin off and on since July 4, 2018. When I first used, I only used on the weekends and I would end up going through withdrawals throughout the week, I refused to use during my work week. At one point it got ""so"" bad that I was using at work, I work in the medical industry handling patient records and such, I interact with them on a daily basis. My colleagues had/have no idea of my addiction. I would start my day with a bump to coast me through, then around lunch time my friend who I used with would stop by and bring me lunch, we would do a couple of lines together, I would go back to work, and around 3pm I would go to the bathroom to do another bump. I would be coasting all day, it didn't matter how many patients complained or yelled at me, I would just have a goofy smile on and talk them down but I could tell that my work ethic was suffering in other ways.
 The last quarter of the year has always been extremely difficult, especially after my mother passed away in November three years ago (before my 21st birthday). I don't have any family in the area and in October of 2017 I left an extremely abusive relationship only to have to move three times in the last year, I do think I've been traumatized by that. I didn't have the support that I needed to get clean.
 I opened up to one of the doctor's at my job, but he seemed to want to take advantage of my habit to try to sleep with me, this only served to deepen my trust issues. Here is this man, supposedly a doctor who had taken the oath to serve and help others, and his primary goal was to sleep with me. I opened up with my roommate, who I was extremely close to at the time; she only ended up judging me and going off the handle. I felt extremely alone, that only served to push me closer to my drug friend and, in turn, make me use more. He was the only one who understood what I was going through. My boyfriend at the time judged me and my only friend judged me.
 I broke up with my boyfriend in September of 2018 after realizing that he was part of the reason I was using, he didn't care, he didn't even put in the effort to try to show that he cared; he definitely didn't want to have anything to do with me after I told him that I started using. It felt good, I felt good.
 I ended up moving on extremely quickly, many will say  too  quickly, to my current boyfriend. I was completely upfront about my drug use I wanted to let him know what he was getting into before starting a relationship with me. He told me, ""Obviously I don't want you using, but I would rather have you be upfront and honest with me about it than lie and do it behind my back."" This acceptance is what I needed in order to finally say, ""Okay. I'll try to get clean."" It hasn't been an easy road, far from it.
 Since we've been together I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, been put on meds that didn't work, relapsed  multiple  times, but he has stuck through it with me. He has been nothing but supportive when I've needed him the most. We haven't had a perfect relationship, but he was there when I relapsed. So was my drug friend, who wants to get clean and wants me to get clean, but I ended up just having to cut him out entirely. He has done a lot for me but the only thing I ever do when he's around is heroin. It wasn't a difficult choice.
 I've been clean since a couple of days before Christmas Eve, and I know that doesn't sound like a long time, it's a good start. You have to start from somewhere, right? I was 2019 to be nothing but more improvement on myself, my relationships, and my work ethic."
"Angry and lost  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Angry and lost  Rant-ish - So, I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2 three months ago. Before that I've always been told I had depression and was using  escitalopram medicine and was actually doing not that bad on it (i didnt go low and kept on being hyper/on mania). The doctor prescribed me lithium. I first quit the antidepressant slowly (according to book) and started lithium 300mg. Since then I have had so many depressive episodes, ranging in lenght from an hour to a week, and very severe suicidal thoughts (that i havent felt for a couple years now), my libido plummeted and I went from having fun with friends and having lotsa good sex to just not being able to go out and complaining and feeling very lonely and lost. I had decided previously i would put my life in order, apply for a masters maybe, quit the job i hate and start a career or smtg had all these hopes,  and now i am just tired and feeling shitty all the time and time passing makes me feel even shittier. On top of that the doctor is apparently super busy and when they can only give me appointments after 3 weeks. And I feel its so unprofessional and unethical and it makes me very angry.
  
 So, I know I have to change my doctor. I know I have to be proactive about all of this stuff. But this whrling mood swings are tiring me so much I end up just feeling shitty and not do anything. I dont want to quit the medicine like that either as it can be dangerous or smtg but its already fucking with me.
  
 Anybody else experience bad reaction to lithium? is it normal in the beginning? I was so much better not on it. I will be doing blood tests this week.
  
 I know its a bit of a pointless post but I feel lonely and I cant share any of this with my friends I dont want to freak them out."
"I wish I could try DMT  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I wish I could try DMT  I've been diagnosed with bipolar, so I'm on meds that prevent me from doing psychedelics safely. I had this brilliant idea to discontinue my medication so I can try it. That didn't work out well for me. I still plan on extracting it, since I already have the supplies, just not for me.
 Anyway, I'm still fascinated by the substance. I continue to read books and articles on it. I'd like to hear your experiences. The entities, ego death, all of it. Hook me up with some stories fam."
"Auditory hallucinations?  Close  1  Posted by   BP2   11 months ago  Archived  Auditory hallucinations?  Just to preface, I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2   with predominantly mixed features for about 7 months. I usually have hallucinations that are tactile and command, which get more severe when I'm in a mixed state (rarely do they show up when I'm stable and only when I've messed my sleep up or stressed out). I'll have explosive head syndrome (auditory hallucinations around sleep) often, but besides that and the occasional, ""I think I heard my name be called"", I don't think I have serious auditory hallucinations. Both of those, I feel, are fairly common for the normal human being and I don't see them as attributes of bipolar. That being said, when I smoke a large amount of weed, I'll get auditory hallucinations that mimic my explosive head; a constant sound of a group of people whispering near my ears. Would this just be the weed causing this or is this really the bipolar that gets worse with the drugs? Would this make the explosive head syndrome may not be explosive head as well?
 I know you folks aren't doctors, but I would love some input and insight of your experiences! Thank you!!"
Lonely 18-Year-Old Guy. Will Talk to Literally Anyone at This Point  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Lonely 18-Year-Old Guy. Will Talk to Literally Anyone at This Point  Hey there! As the title says, I'm really looking for some people to talk to. I could go on and on about my life story and what's led to this point, but for what? You'll find all that out if you hit me up. In short, I've been diagnosed with bipolar II disorder since the age of 13. However, that really isn't my problem right now. I'm simply in a situation where anyone would be depressed.
"I [28F] feel guilty about ditching a friend [29F, friends for 2 years] I believed was toxic a few years ago.  Non-Romantic  Close  12  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I [28F] feel guilty about ditching a friend [29F, friends for 2 years] I believed was toxic a few years ago.  Non-Romantic  I'm going to call my friend Lena. Lena and I met while working on a temporary service program in a new city. We worked together everyday, and hung out often. But I regularly felt that Lena was taking advantage of my kindness -- asking for rides home, to the grocery store, etc. She would become irritated if I declined. I understood, because she had a long walk home, but it started to get on my nerves and feel disrespectful.
  
 Eventually, our program ended and it became hard to stay friends as we live about 5 hours apart. When I was abroad we met in another country and traveled together for four days. Lena can be pretty bossy and easily stressed out, so while it was a fun trip she wasn't necessarily an easy travel companion. When I moved home I invited her to my wedding, she RSVP'd yes, and then let me know a day ahead of time that she wouldn't be able to make it because she was studying for a big exam. My wedding was only 40 people, so it sucked to have sort of wasted a spot.
  
 She was irritated that I hadn't made an effort to visit her in the months after getting back to the US - but having been gone for a year and a half I wanted to take time to visit family and get back together with my home friends as much as possible. On a drive home from North Carolina back up east, I mentioned that I might be able to stop along the way for dinner with her. Unfortunately, I got stuck in about 4 hours of traffic and it just wasn't possible. All I wanted to do was get home. She got mad, and I finally flipped. I told her how disrespected I felt, how she constantly pressured me to hold up my end of the friendship while she wasn't holding up hers, etc. We haven't had any contact since, and it's been about 2 years.
  
 The problem is, looking back I realize that Lena was suffering from a lot of  serious  mental health issues. I knew this at the time, she was constantly going to new doctors and talking about her different meds. I guess I didn't take this as seriously as I should - or rather I just couldn't relate. I didn't see that when she backed out of my wedding that it was more than just having to study, it was the load that doing more than that might take her over the edge. It wasn't that she was whiny on our trip, it was that she'd had enough on more than one occasion and just needed to let it out.
  
 More recently I've been diagnosed with bipolar II, OCD, and general anxiety. I see a lot of her actions in a new light - I can completely empathize with her and have had similar experiences myself since.
  
 I don't necessarily want to restore a friendship, but I'm wondering if I should reach out to Lena. She seems like she's doing well, but I don't know how she feels about this. I asked her not to contact me, and she hasn't, but now I feel like that was so harsh. I sort of want to just apologize and wish her well. Thoughts? And thanks for your advice in advance!
  
  tl;dr:  I broke off a friendship because I thought she was toxic. Now I see her actions were more a result of her mental illness. Do I reach out & apologize, or let it be?"
"Completely lost (Long)  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Completely lost (Long)  so I've posted a few times, no idea if I posted background or not so I will now. I'm 25 about to turn 26 in about 4ish months give or take a few days. I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Type 2 which for those who do not know means its Bipolar depression, I'm not manic but am very depressive at times. Currently I am not medicated, I had a reaction to the medication (I had missed a few doses at the MG it was at and when I went to the 200mg it reacted badly and I got hives and had to stop at once) and due o to the psychotherapist I was seeing deciding NOT to read my file, not to LISTEN to me at all and made barely covered sexual comments I never went back to the clinic I was in.  Trigger warnings now. Please read only if you are okay too.
 In my file it states plainly that I am a victim of sexual assault, I was raped. I've undiagnosed PTSD along with the bipolar issues and depression so I tend to only see female doctors and therapists due to this. It's in my file if he had taken 2 minutes to read my file he would've seen this. The reason I had to see HIM was because my first therapist (my primary therapist) had resigned and was leaving. The 1st psyche-therapist I was seeing was first on vacations, sick, not in the office so I was not on the proper medication plan and it stopped working and then finally she was fired for HIPPA violations. The second guy I never saw, he resigned before I saw him fucking myself and other people over. And the last one that could see me was the head of staff and within 15 minutes had me about to run out of the office. His comments were NOT needed it had nothing to do with my treatment or medication. He went beyond the ""normal"" questions and just was no.  So I never went back. That and my therapist who was for non-medical treatment was the only one who took private insurance at the time. (I was on my fathers, at the time) and no one else took it. And it would be months before I could be seen. It's now been 2 months without the therapist and about the same without medication. The medication caused a hive to appear and it was HUGE so I could not keep taking it because I was told if hives (even one) appeared I was to STOP taking it because it can cause a disease that can kill me. So I did. And it wasn't doing anything it was not helping either. The doctor wasn't listening to that he just boosted the dosage.
 So here I am, 2 months later no treatment, no therapy nothing. I finally was able to reach the one doctor I needed to see as it was. (I was injured while trying to take a photo of a certain object. I ended up with a double sprain of my foot and ankle, but if it had been a sprain it would've been healed by now, it has not. My GP believes I broke something. I'm inclined to believe it because sitting here writing this out hurts like a bitch, throbbing, tingling swelling, etc. 800mg of pain killers DOES NOTHING. ) So doc sent me to a bone doc Monday I gotta call the GP to send an electronic referral to the specialist. And Wednesday I go see them. I cannot walk, stand, shower, bathe, etc for the life of me. The boot is FALLING apart at its seams, the velcro is sliding down not staying in place and the sole is coming apart because of constant use. so not good. I can't even sleep without pain. I'm down to sleeping on the couch because I toss and turn too much in my bed and I've kicked the wall before I can't risk this too.
 And I've come to realize that I can't keep on birth control at least what I'm able to use because it causes worse episodes and it possibly caused the break in my ankle. I've been on it going on 6 months and it can harm your bones faster. So yea. Great. And before anyone suggests finding a new therapist I tried, they can't see me until July 3rd. Because of the job I have I can't go on Monday. I'll be late for the appointment by at least an hour so no go. My only other options are to go back to the unsafe clinic (no way) or to check myself in. And I'm trying to find out about the stupid bus run I'd be on to do so. But no one's gotten back to me yet. Soonest I could possibly go is Wednesday night (after my doc app.) so I've no idea what to do. if I check myself in now (or this week) and the runs start I'll lose my job, if I don't go in and I wait it can be 2 months before I can get checked and I may lose my therapy appointment because of the timeline. So either way, I'm well fucked. (And the birth control is for PCOS, nothing else. that's part of my issues because I'm a more physical type of person and I crave intimacy and I can't get any because of where I live) So yea I'm a ball of nerves and I can't get help. And to top it all off, their medical stuff I need to be done that I can't get done where I am. Because in my state to get fertility testing you have to be in a relationship or married in the very least and without sounding homophobic you have to be lesbian if you're female. I'm none of those things, I just live in a fucked up state. Because I'm so ""young"" and unmarried most clinics won't take me, they don't see PCOS as a reasonable diagnosis to be tested for other stuff even though Endo runs in the family my mother had it when she gave birth to me. But due to the state, getting testing is hard as hell and pricey too. I can't even get my Gyn to send me for further testing when they found a lesion, and I'm still having pelvic pains. Yet if I go to the state I wanted to move, they'd see me because of the PCOS alone let alone endo and what not.
 And I can't move, right now I can't work in very much of anything. I can't clean (I'm with a temp agency that could get me some work maybe with cleaning or receptionist crap) but I'm inexperienced with much of anything. And I'm a safety hazard since the boot is ""opened toed"" and yea it's not safe. and it's breaking apart as I may have said before. ) I've no money at all, I didn't even have a dollar and tax to get something from dollar tree. that's how bad off I am. The part-time job hasn't paid me for the time I came in for them either. I won't get this check (I've been subbing for them) for 2wks. I'm unable to do anything. Where I am now is killing my mental health and I've thought about going to a long term facility because I'm out of options. And I've no support, my friend can't pay for me to move with her because I can't work at the moment due to my ankle and other issues. So I'm stuck, my father and his cronies get what they want and I'm suffering worse for it. I'm being pushed to get my stupid CDL and I don't want it. I don't trust my driving ability or my vision. But he's shoving it down my throat. If I get it at the one company I'm legally forced to stay in the state for a year (school season) or I could lose my CDL and I cannot pay for the shit either.
 I'm literally stuck in one place and I can't date, have a romantic life, social life or normal life because I'm stuck in my father's house. No guy wants to hear"" oh you can't come to my place, dads in the room next to mine and the walls are thin. oh and I'm on a broken bedframe/bed and we will be heard by the entire house. So thanks for the date but it will be a sexless relationship* yea no. I need intimacy and its part of my reasons of why my depression is so fucking bad. I haven't been able to heal from my first relationship either because when I tried to start a new healthy one he did everything he could to destroy it and he has. Me and the guy hasn't had time to sit down and fucking talk about our feelings and emotions and I fear I'll never get the chance. Because who wants to sit down with someone so fucking broken and messed up. I had ONE night with him, and we were on track to start dating and Dad fucking ruined it. Because he made sure I was not allowed a license until I was 23 or so, and he phone bombed my phone every time I tried to see the man. (if he thinks I'm with any male without my female friend he'll keep texting me I can't block him because the car I drive is in his name and same with insurance and he tracks that as it is. the insurance has a tracker due to how it works and I've nowhere to go so I can't rock the boat). He doesn't care, he's barely shown any emotion that his only kid is injured, has made me drive to the bus stop wait for him to give him his meds that he walked out the door without. (He had the chance to grab it before going to work. he forced me to drive up to give them to him knowing how painful it is for me to drive let alone stand or walk) I could go to the mental ward tomorrow and he'd tell all his church buddies all about my personal life. he's done it before. found out I may have endo and he told them and ignored the fact that it hurts when he breaks my personal boundaries then tries to force me to play nicey nice with them. Like no they shouldn't be told about my personal health stuff. He just doesn't care. So I'm stuck in a place where I'm barely wanted and I have to fake a smile as I'm ignored for yet another birthday since I am not a male. (He ignored my birthday last year and not 2-3 days later took my cousin for yet another birthday celebration when his was a month before and he had 4 other parties. I got jack shit)
 Oh and my father also promised to help pay for community college and gas lit me until I gave up. I could not pay it alone, he forced me to go to college and now I'm 3k in debt and another 2k in debt to the college and because of him refusing to keep his promises I lost out on a job with the USAF as a Jag lawyer. That's right. I got a job offer to continue my education be paid to study law /practice law on the conditions that I was a lawyer already for my area. I would've been by now if I had gotten thru my 2yr degree like he promised he'd help pay for. I lost out on a career boost because of him. And he wonders why I am so damn depressed and barely able to function anymore. I've to pick my job or my mental health anymore. my physical health is a joke as well. I'm just at a loss, my life shouldn't be like this at 25. I should be able to date and be happy without worrying if I'm gonna have a place to live or an argument when I get back. (I literally don't speak on how I feel or if I'm upset because it ends in an argument. Its how he found out I was raped. Something I didn't want to talk about and he forced it. All because I was looking for a room to rent to fucking move. If I don't go with his wishes, its a fight, if I don't bow down, it's a fight. I'm silent most of the time or I lie and say nothing is wrong. Its why I want to freaking move!)
 I'm just lost anymore, I don't know what to do and everything I try fails as well. I'm just...I'm done..."
"""That's why people hate to be with you""  [Question]  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  ""That's why people hate to be with you""  [Question]  Hello there,
 First of all, I must apologize if my problem seems to be trivial, and sure as heck that my problem does not come close to many extreme narcissist parent cases posted in here. Therefore, bear with me for posting my trivial problem, as it may seem to be an angsty typical teenage problem, but at this point I honestly could not side this problem with anyone else.
 The main problem lies within my mom. I don't know if she's a narsisstic or not, but I do love her and she is great at parenting. There's just, well...few absolutely irritating and crushing personality of hers that seriously infuriates and left me completely devastated a lot of times.
 Before we get started though, I think it's noteworthy to mention that I've been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder type II and been self-harming occasionally. Hence, most of my relationships are in serious jeopardy.
 1.Starting with the most recent case, which has just happpened just now. Her absolutely rigid and absolutely ""no"" rule of women products. You see, I'm a 19-year old male, and when I said ""women products"", it doesn't mean women's clothes like that, but strictly for things like deodorants and perfumes. I am very self-concious about my appearance and personal grooming, therefore I prefer women's deodorants because of it skin-improving ingredients as oppsed to harshly-fragranced men's deodorants. I also prefer flowery perfumes as opposed to men's perfumes as the latter really left an excruciating headache. You see, it is all a matter of preferences. But that is not what my mom sees. To her, because of my ""womanly"" or ""feminine"" odour, people despise me because of that. Then she went on how those ""fragrance"" will eventually turn me into a female psychologically (I honestly don't know) and that I should change most of my products to  male-targeted ones, and that I should see improvements of my relationships because of that transition. But I won't change because I have my reasons. But of course I don't dare to oppose her because of the most typical phrase ""elders always knows best"". She also never failed to assert to me many times that she is irritated and infuriated of my womanly odour and said that if she felt like that, then others mist felt like that too and that I should change if I want to see improvements in my social life.
 2. She clearly prioritize family over anything else, which is a good thing, until...well, my aunt happen. Most of my family members are seriously family-oriented, and they do not take the phrase ""family comes first"" lightly. To tell you a story, I was in my ""depression"" phase when my grandparents and my aunt came over to my house. It was the morning where my grandparents are supposed to headback to their hometown, and I was still asleep because I was seriously tired of EVERYTHING. Well that action clearly cause my aunt to become so vexed that she told me off and scolded me, telling me that ""I won't give you any more advices since you're already grown up"" Somehow that line just...broke me. Well, her way of saying it is what broke me. I locked myself in the bathroom, and when it's time for my grandparents to go, my aunt bang the bathroom door, yelling some inaudible things because I was at my worst that time. I had a really bad breakdown, and then I yelled at her, saying things like, ""GET OUT FROM HERE YOU PIG"" and told her to eff off. She then proceed to mutter on how an ""immature brat I am and even a few days later, she sent me a privafe message to remind me what a ""immature brat"" I am. Okay, I admit that I was in the wrong here, but I never felt so trapped in this family, that I should say something to them, that I am not some ""family robot"" or something. I reckoned my mom would at least understand me, but she did not. She told me to ""lower my ego"" and apologize to her. Things like this make me realize that the reason why am I so dependent on others for my own happiness is, well I wasn't ""allowed"" to have my own standing point in my family in the first place. In my family, the elders are basically ""gods"" and are always right, while us youngsters are always in the wrong and always should be ""open-minded"" to their ""advices"". I tried to make my mom understand this, but she replied with ""you're the one who make yourself feel like that"" as if all of the negative things in the family are my own, damned, fault.
 These are the two cases which may qualify my mom, and maybe my family, as narcissists. There are a lot of happy moments, they are responsible family members, but when it comes to things like I just mentioned, all of those happy and positive things seemed...so distant.
 I'm just tired of life anymore. I don't know if I'm just an entitled brat or something, but at this point my mind just went blank on these kind of things. It may seem nonsensical and trivial, but when these sort of things happen frequently, I may lose my mind and go batshit crazy. I'm holding on, but I just don't know how long I can. I feel strangely calm and composed right now, but that is because I don't know how to express my frustration, anger and sadness clearly. I feel... empty?
 Any advices or validations or comments or tips to handle these kind of things is appreciated, guys. I just need to know what other unbiased people will think of this situation. I don't know what's right or wrong anymore at this point."
"Hi All, Newbie Here  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Hi All, Newbie Here  As a preface, I'm 24 years old. So, I've been having... difficulties. I'm still waaaay in the closet about my sexuality, and I've been wanting to tell my family for a very long time. I've had long in-depth conversations with my mother and my sister about being gay in general, and they both act like they'd be supportive. The thing is, I really think that my mom would be incredibly disappointed with me if I told her. My sister is a different story. I've lied to her in the past and told her that I'm bi, and she didn't mind even a little bit. It's just, my family has always had it in their mind that one day I'd grow up, have a wife and kids, and if I told them the truth I don't think they'd know how to handle it...
 On top of that, I've had an _absolutely_ great friend I'm gonna call 'C' for over 10 years now who I've been attracted to for years. The thing is, he's straight as straight can be, and I'm afraid that if I told him, even if I didn't tell him I liked him, that he'd hate me for it. That'd destroy me. Since we've met, I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, irritable bowel disorder c/d, and visceral hypersensitivity of the colon, and he's been there for me throughout all of it. Every time I've been hospitalized, he'd be there waiting for me when I got out, and he's the only one who was ever able to get me to do anything.
 I have one gay cousin, 'N', who is my absolute favorite family member. My entire family excluding my mother is kind to him to his face, but everyone else talks about him behind his back. He hasn't even been able to tell his grandpa because he'd be disinherited. I've been trying to find time to talk to him about it, but he isn't ever around.
 I'm just so afraid to tell my family. I'm afraid to tell the people that I know. I'm afraid that people would hate me for it even though all I want is to find someone who'll love me for me, you know?
 It definitely doesn't help that my body image is terrible. I'm 6'4"", but I weigh 255lbs. Whenever I meet someone I'm interested in, I'm afraid that they'll think I'm just some disgusting fat guy who isn't worth their time...
 I'm sorry. I didn't want to bug a whole bunch of people on the internet about this stuff, but I don't even know where to go. I don't have a car, I can't work, I failed my education, and I can't even talk about it to the people I trust the most. I just don't know what to do anymore."
[Friendship] [Relationship] Lonely 18-Year-Old Guy. Will Talk to Literally Anyone at This Point  Close  9  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  [Friendship] [Relationship] Lonely 18-Year-Old Guy. Will Talk to Literally Anyone at This Point  Hey there! As the title says, I'm really looking for some people to talk to. I could go on and on about my life story and what's led to this point, but for what? You'll find all that out if you hit me up. In short, I've been diagnosed with bipolar II disorder since the age of 13. However, that really isn't my problem right now. I'm simply in a situation where anyone would be depressed. Let's talk!
"Suicidal thoughts? (I'm sorry for the swearing.)  Close  1  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Suicidal thoughts? (I'm sorry for the swearing.)  I don't know what to do anymore. I've been suicidal since I was about 6 years old, in some weird for of idolization. I'd dream of it and pretend I was dead, creating my own little world I guess? I know it's just some stupid cry for help, but I seriously don't know what to do anymore. I want a reason to live but it just keeps getting heavier and heavier.
  
 I've been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder after going to a specialist and therapist (as of this year.) Lately the swings have gotten severely worse. Last time I convinced myself I could run into a forest like some D&d game...I was talked out of it but it seemed so real and rational. It feels like this imagination world I created is so much better, but it leads me to imagine death so vividly. My imagination is convincing me to leave but something is convincing me to stay, it feels like I'm being tugged in different directions. I feel like an attention whore for writing this, but I honestly don't know what else to do. I've looked up ways to do it...I just can't bring myself to do it. I'm afraid if I fail, people will know of my mistakes and failures, They would all see how fucked up I am. I need something that can't fail.
  
 I honestly just work and lay in bed. I tried going to therapy, talking to friends, going outside but all that doesn't help anymore. I'm reminded of these stupid mistakes I keep making, it's like these inner thoughts keep trying to drown me. I can't even sleep anymore, I've been letting my health suffer...I just feel like maybe it's not worth staying. My friends are starting to get annoyed and I have no where else to go. This has been going on for the past 13 years and I feel like I can't handle a lifetime of this. I feel like my grasp of reality is fading."
"Earth is a Rainbow. Red-Yellow-Green-Cyan-Blue-Magenta  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Earth is a Rainbow. Red-Yellow-Green-Cyan-Blue-Magenta  Hi friends. Am I the only one who is attracted to colors? I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 1 and everyone I met is thinking I'm delusional.
 For me the planet is like a rainbow. Red (fire) for the center. Yellow for the ground ( urine. excrement ) . Green for plants ( green acid ). Cyan for oxygen.  Bleu for the water in the clouds. And Magenta for the electricity over the clouds.
 This is why we tend to love buildings that are red (bricks). Or beige . Skin tone walls. It's because the ground is yellow ( brown it's the same and beige  ).   We tend to love brown house made of woods because it's represent the yellow part of the ground like in the rainbow.
 The blue water in the clouds fall down on earth and form the blue oceans but it's original place is in the clouds.
 The earth is really like a rainbow.
 For me there is no God. The univers is made of codes like this one. And I think that Aliens want us to discover that by ourselves . And they push us to open ours minds about these knowledge. Without giving us the real truth. They want us to understand it by ourselves.
 In the bible they also said that God created the planet in 6 days . Red-Yellow-Green-Cyan-Bleu-Magenta. 6 colors and the seventh day he took a break. The seventh color is white.
 Anyone like me attracted by these delusions or actual truth? :)"
"It's unbearable  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  It's unbearable  First of all I'm Sorry for the mistakes I'm not from an english speaking country and autocorrector tries to troll me.
 I've(27M) seen a cute girl's profile on Tinder from a psychology student(I'm a psychology student as well) and I've given her a Super Like. She accepted it and I messaged her the following:
 ""Heey, I should let you know that I've given you a Super Like just because your dog is freaking adorable kkkkk""
 She replied: ""kkkkkk fair enough""
 Me: ""You could have said that you only accepted it because of my dog(I have a pic of my little Shih Tzu on it), it would be 2019's version of 'heey does the dog has a telephone number?' (an old ""pick-up line"" now mainly used for humor).
 I waited for a bit because there was no reply even though she inmediately answered my First message, and when I checked again, bam, deleted, just like that.
 It's always like that. It's like one match in months and then, this. I'm sure I wasn't common. I didn't even had a chance to show myself.
 People say keep trying but there has been years I'm like that, and I know I'm not even that ugly. It is destroying me. I thought I had depression, but I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, but people can't see it by Tinder alone. What the hell is wrong with me?
 I've suffered moral abuse at work and had to quit, I've lost a lot of friends due to my disorder. I just want it all to end. It's not ""I have to focus on other stuff on my life before thinking about dating"", because I can't even get a conversation, let alone ""dating"". That means bipolars can't date anymore?
 I'm on meds for years, on therapy for years, but I guess there's something so very wrong with me that I can't be loved.
 I don't have any family members also. Lost all of them, and some renegaded me.
 It's better to kill myself, right? To be one less leecher of this world's resources, I guess."
"Haven't been around in awhile, looking for some reassurance I'm doing things right. (Picky toddler problems)  food rant  Close  1  Posted by    ""It gets better."" No, shut up.    1 year ago  Archived  Haven't been around in awhile, looking for some reassurance I'm doing things right. (Picky toddler problems)  food rant  I'm having a very, very bad time right now. I appreciate anyone taking the time to read this.
 I've been diagnosed with Bipolar II and I was on meds that were working great for me besides giving me nausea and muscle spasms. Seems now like a really small price to pay. I'm now on a different medicine and I'm really losing it. I'm so depressed and having panic attacks that I'm not raising my kid the best I can. She's newly two, and so picky with food suddenly. She used to eat fruit and vegetables all the time! Now she wants carbs and sweets only. She won't eat anything good for her. I don't know what to do about this. Just nix everything in the house not healthy? I could probably do it but I have roommates who wouldn't.
 I usually offer her exactly what everyone else is eating, and she'll eat the carb on the plate and nothing else. This is really getting to me because of my other mental problems. She's growing fine and talking well. But I don't want her to be malnourished in some way. Should I get some vitamins for now?
 Anyone go through any of this and have some reassuring words? I could sure use them.
 Thanks, guys."
"My struggles with bipolar depression  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My struggles with bipolar depression  I just thought I would post something on here to help me vent, and help others with depression.
 I've been diagnosed with Bipolar depression when I was around 6 which is a hell of a time to have depression, I have always been reserved when it came to friends and the very few I had in elementary school never really understood me, I just always felt detached even around them. while other kids where playing tag or hide and seek with each other I would keep to myself, even the few times I did spend time with them I always felt like I wasn't really there.
 By the time I reached 3rd grade, I began to get bullied other kids would throw small stuff like pencils and math cubes at me, I tried reaching out to the teachers but they didn't help much. This caused me to develop a really nasty attitude towards most of the teachers and some of the other students. I was sent to the principal's office on multiple occasions either for having a breakdown or being rude to the teachers. In 5th grade, I became overweight and didn't have much energy one of my teachers made us do laps every morning and would make us re-do them during recess if we couldn't keep up, I tried hard to say with the group but I would just get exhausted after the first two laps and eventually I stopped trying altogether. this made my 5th-grade teacher Hate me. eventually, he would call me out when I would get angry and say I was making ridiculous faces and point it out to the whole class. I got so mad at him I tried to throw books at him once (which I shouldn't have done) and one time I even ditched class and went home. whenever my parents were called to the office to discuss my behaviors I felt like a disappointment to them but at this point, I stopped trying altogether.
 After elementary school, my mom signed me up for an online school and although I flourished academically I still struggled mentally. I stopped taking my medicine around the 8th grade and felt like utter garbage for half of the year, eventually my mom distributed my medicine for me and made sure I took it. When the next year rolled around my mom signed me up for mutual activities, at first I was reclusive from the group as usual, but some of the other girls there actually went out of there way to talk to me, one girl in particular that spent the most time with me had a mental disorder and we immediately became the best of friends and I eventually started to warm up more around people, but I still had my bouts of bipolar downs.
 then my dad started drinking again when I was 16, this tore my family apart and my mom even considered getting a divorce on several occasions. at first, this didn't seem to affect me but slowly over time it just weighed down on me more and more, I was so tired of listening to my parents fight all the time. then in the spring, my mom got throat cancer, my grandpa (who I looked up to at the time) didn't even visit her, my mom was just skin and bones from the chemo and would often collapse, she eventually got surgery but couldn't talk anymore as a result. my dad's drinking got worse and I started to develop a bad attitude again I was angry not just at my dad but also my mom and I would often fight with her, this constant state of fighting left me drained, I stopped going to mutual activities and disconnected with most of my friends, I even began to harm myself, then one day my dad got so drunk he didn't come home for two days, at that point I just snapped I had a full on rage filled breakdown at in front of my dad when he got home. I locked myself in my room and silently cried wishing for it to end, I felt like I hit the lowest point in my life and I wasn't even 20, but I kept going. Despite all the stress and emotional damage I went through at this point in time I still wanted to try and help keep my family together. My dad had a wake-up call that day, and he started going to AA meetings and spends more time with us. it's been about a year now and even though I and my mom and my dad still have minor disagreements we still love each other and I did eventually start going out more.
 I just want to let anybody who read this ridiculously long post to know: don't give up, I know it can be one hell of a ride but just keep holding on. don't be afraid to reach out there is always someone willing to help you, I know you might be bitter and sad at the situation but do not give up, Life does get better, and when we finally do get back up we are able to stand a little stronger than before even if we don't realize it. and we are able to help others with mental health issues and give comfort even if we also have mental health issues, and eventually, we will get help back."
Does Weed help for Bipolar Disorder?  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  Does Weed help for Bipolar Disorder?  I have been diagnosed with bipolar type 2, depression and anxiety. I feel as if marijuana evens me out and levels my behaviors out a bit. Do you think marijuana is a beneficial for bipolar disorder? I use CBD regularly and that also helps but cannabis just has a kick to it.  I live in a illegal state in the south and the doctors are very against it.
"BPD/bipolar and meds  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  BPD/bipolar and meds  I've been diagnosed with BPD 5 years ago. Recently however I've been diagnosed with bipolar and maybe-also-BPD. I am taking a mood stabilizer (lamotrigine) and honestly? It's working great. I no longer feel empty. Everyday is almost the same. I still have some triggers and moments of bad mood, but overall I am AMAZED.
 Anybody else with similar experience? Do you take mood stabilizers? Anybody bipolar/bpd here?"
I've been wearing this mask for so long it feels like my face now  Close  1  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  I've been wearing this mask for so long it feels like my face now  I'm mentally ill. And people are okay with that. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for seven years now, and yeah, I do fluctuate through mania (great euphoria and sense of greatness) and depression (I'm sure we all have a taste of this one at least one time of our lives). People are okay with that, because I never cracked in front of anyone. I'm always okay, charming, smiling, wise and making smart jokes. They don't even think I'm actually crazy. Even when I vanish for months for being in psychiatric ward. I always show up again smiling. Man, I'm tired. I'm not pretty. I'm not sane all the time either. It feels like I have to be in constant control of myself 24/7 so I don't crack. As I said, not pretty. But I'm okay with that. I'm an artist, and being an artist means network more than I'd want it to. I compensate being charismatic, kind, intelligent, hard working, creative, stylish, knowing a bit about everything. And yet, not pretty and mentally ill. I'm always trying not to crack. I explode when I'm alone. I don't hate myself, but sometimes it feels like I'm playing life in a very hard mode. I have insomnia daily, even with the medication. I'm so tired I forgot how to sleep. I'm smiling so much I forgot how to cry. But hey, I'm not pretty or sane. I have to make up for those if I want people to like me.
"multiple diagnoses  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  multiple diagnoses  Hoping I will actually post this instead of deleting. 30s female, was diagnosed with depression and anxiety when I was younger. I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2 for a few years now, last week I was diagnosed with ADHD and PTSD as well and bipolar was changed to bipolar 1 as we recognized what were actually some manic episodes throughout my life. The testing lasted all day and it was exhausting. I've never felt like bipolar 2 covered everything so the diagnoses were not a huge surprise.
 I've been on over 10 medications for the anxiety/depression/bipolar and it's been a long slow road. It's hard to think straight, my responses are slow, I have auditory hallucinations, I'm always either fatigued or horny and way too irritable. No interest or ability to accomplish anything unless it's the random thing I become obsessed with for a brief period of time. I've been on a combination of welbutrin, lamictal, lexapro and risperdal for a while now, and I'm still struggling like crazy. I don't see my psychiatrist again until April so I'm feeling a little spazzy at the moment thinking about getting through the next month or so. I do plan to make an appointment to see my therapist soon though so I can unload some thoughts.
 I've been learning a lot more about myself and my diagnoses and I just want to thank everyone for coming here and sharing their stories, thoughts, etc. I don't feel so alone, the things I deal with are actually something that others also experience. Would also love to hear from anyone else with multiple diagnoses as well, I'm interested how people balance ADHD with bipolar.
 This concludes my about me hello to other people who understand."
Hey  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Hey  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder 3 different times and I always take the pills for a while then stop and move on with life then find myself back at the dr's office getting diagnosed again.. etc etc rinse and repeat. Does this happen to more of you? My last doctor just kept filling me full of drugs to the point I was numb. So I stopped seeing them and stopped taking the medication. I've been off my pills for 4 years and today that old familiar feelings began to creep back into my life.
"Tianeptine as treatment in bipolar - looking for advice  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Tianeptine as treatment in bipolar - looking for advice  I've been diagnosed with bipolar II and after a range of options have failed my psych switched me to tianeptine sodium. However, despite increased mood and energy, I constantly feel like my mind is in ""overdrive"", especially towards the end of uptime in every dose (I take 3 to 5 daily). After a few months of treatment, my anxiety and psychotic features worsened and I feel like despite high mood I'm constantly in the middle of a weird mixed episode.
 Does anyone else have similar experience with tianeptine? Is it likely caused by the drug or simply by the illness? Do you have any advice, links to research or personal insight? Anything will be appreciated!"
"[Discussion][Fluff?] The Power of my Psychiatric Support Animal  Misc  Close  56  Posted by   Atlas: German Asshole   1 year ago  Archived  [Discussion][Fluff?] The Power of my Psychiatric Support Animal  Misc  Hi everyone!
 My name is Sophie and I am the victim of Atlas ownership. Atlas is a very special boy. I am sure that everybody thinks that about their dog, but Atlas is a dog with a great deal of personality and opinions about pretty much everything, and he doesn't care who knows them. I am frequently unsure if he is very intelligent or very dumb as he's known to do things on both ends of the spectrum. This  thread  paints a pretty great picture of the asshole he is.
 Aside from being a professional twat, he is also my emotional support animal (ESA). (Yes, bot, I know the difference. Thank you). Now you would imagine that Atlas would be a terrible support animal. He doesn't seem nurturing, cuddling, or sensitive at all. He seems rather obtuse to be frank. These statements are all true, with the selective exception of the cuddling detail. He really is all these things, but those things are what makes him to be such a great support animal to me. While his... style certainly isn't for everyone, I want to show that support animals are not a one-size-fits-all situation or even a one-size-fits-most situation.
   ""A support animal is a companion animal that a medical professional has determined provides benefit for an individual with a disability."" 
  We have all heard of the plight of people claiming their pets as emotional support animals to get them in to housing they would not otherwise be allowed in and those bringing their alleged support animals in to public areas as if they had the same access as service animals. It's truly disheartening as people who need our support animals are getting the brunt of the situation when these ""support animals"" act out. While Atlas does not need to achieve the level of perfection that a service dog needs to in order to achieve his goal, I do try my very best to make Atlas a good model for his title. Because I live in a housing complex that I would not otherwise be able to live in with him because of his ESA status, I try my best to stay out of the ways of people around me. I recognize that some people may have moved here expecting not needing to deal with large dogs and always clear the path. I always have him on lead (this really shouldn't need to be said, but unfortunately, some owners in my complex walk their pups off lead) and I try to be conscientious to those around me.
 When I see reports of alleged support animals biting someone, I get sad and I get scared. I get sad that the name is tarnished and basically equated with just pets now. I do not underestimate the amount of love a person can have for their pet or all that a pet can be to a person, but my animal provides me an incredible amount of support that would not be available to me otherwise. I get scared because the last time I was away from my dog for an extended amount of time, I had a psychotic break. I ended up threatening to climb on to a roof top and a hair short of being admitted to a psychiatric hospital. I am afraid that because of the changing perception on support animals, that the legislation that allows them to stay in housing is going to be taken away. I am afraid not only about losing my companion, but also afraid of losing the support system I so desperately need.
 I have several psychiatric conditions. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive tendencies, and occasional psychosis. A lot of people have false perceptions about psychiatric disorders, which is what I attribute the lack of general understanding of support animals to. People will say: ""What does a dog have to do with being moody? or anxious? or obsessive? or psychotic?"" It is not uncommon for people to come to the conclusion that our support animals can comfort us when we are down. This is not untrue, and is completely valid! However, there is much more than meets the eye.
 Bipolar disorder is not just the happy/sad situation that many people think it is. It's a mood disorder that causes bouts of mania and depression. It's poles in moods that are beyond what the average person can even experience. it is more than happiness, and it is more than sadness. There is also a misconception that it can only apply to these two happy/sad situations. Bipolar Disorder also  manifests in all of our other moods as well. It's a mood disorder after all. This means anger becomes something beyond what most can feel. Anger is already a volatile emotion for the average person, and it is extraordinarily dangerous for us. Atlas helps my bipolar disorder in several ways.
 During mania, I cannot spontaneously get on a plane and fly to Italy because I need to stay here and take care of him. It seems ludicrous when I use this as an example, but these kinds of thoughts are very real and those with the disorder are known to do things like spontaneously leave the country, get married, or any other really out-there situation. My love for Atlas stops me at, ""wait no I can't go do that. I have to go home to Atlas."" When I'm depressed, Atlas doesn't cuddle with me. I wish he did, but he doesn't because he's an asshole. He will try to engage me in play and wrestle with me while I am sobbing, which is honestly really fucking annoying. However, on days that I feel like I physically cannot get out of bed, I know that I have to. I live alone, and if I don't, there's no one to take him out, walk him, or feed him. I also really treasure the fact that I am never alone. Because of depression, I am terrified of being alone. My own thoughts scare me, and Atlas prevents this from being an issue. Atlas cannot help me directly address my anger. However, my anger often causes me to lash out at my friends and family and sever relationships. It has left me with severe abandonment issues and quite lonely. Atlas helps with that. Having him makes me feel loved, and makes me feel safe.
 Generalized Anxiety Disorder (or any anxiety disorder) is more than simply feeling anxious (thus the term anxiety disorder). I have qualms with the english language as it is somehow correct to both say ""I have anxiety"" or ""I feel anxiety"", but that is for another time. Anxiety is an ugly thing. It is more than just ""feeling worried"". Up until a year ago, I could 't drive my car without thinking ""wow what if some 18 wheeler T-boned me right now and I died how would my family react"". Again, it sounds dramatic, but that was a very real fear of mine.
 Atlas helps by assuring me there is good in the world. I know that may sound silly, but we all love our dogs very much, and I'm sure that we can all relate when we say petting our dogs calm us down. I know my anxiety is not rational, I just can't really stop it. However, having Atlas with me assures me that there is good in the world and it will end. That being said, sometimes, during particularity bad moments, Atlas is actually a detriment. Sometimes, he really can overwhelm me, and it was pretty bad when he was a small puppy. It's less now, so that's nice. On days where I feel hyper anxious about things around me, I feel really great slipping in to routines he and I have (setting up his food for feeding, walking, etc.). I like routines. They soothe me.
 Obsessive Compulsive Tendencies are exactly what they sound like. I am fortunate that I do not display enough behaviors to be diagnosed with yet another comorbid  disorder, but I can absolutely see the tendencies in my actions. Mania's bipolar causes obsessions, and anxiety can be channeled in to obsessions. If I am left to my own devices with nothing to obsess about, my brain will find something to obsess about. I cannot consciously choose what I obsess about, which is part of the deal. Thus, I will find myself obsessing about Mountain Dew and on the Wiki at 4AM. This becomes really bad in personal relationships, both platonic and romantic. You know that meme of the obsessed girlfriend? Yeah. That's me. And with my friends too. It's bad. You know that iPhone feature find friends? Yeah. That level of obsession is unhealthy and destroys relationships (platonic and romantic) and leaves me lonely.
 Having Atlas has been fucking incredible for my social life. You would think otherwise because I dedicate all of my time to Atlas and don't go out much, but it has. I no longer obsess over my friends, family, and partner. I can now have healthy relationships because I am too busy obsessing over my dog to obsess over them. Am I a crazy dog lady? Yes. Do I want to show people 50 pictures of my dog? Yes. However, I truly cannot emphasize how much this has helped me. I used to burn friendships to the ground obsessing over every little thing they said, every little thought they had, every little mistake I thought they made. I could never just accept things. I am so happy that I have somewhere to turn all of that energy now.
 Psychosis is a difficult one. I haven't been psychotic around Atlas as the only time I was psychotic is because I was away from Atlas, so I hope that doesn't happen again.
 Atlas is fucking involved in my life to say the least. My life basically revolves around him. I go to school so that I can work to give him the life he deserves. I wake up each day to make sure that he gets walked, fed, pet, and loved. I am not even exaggerating when I say I think about him every single waking moment of the day. (I guess being a little bit nuts does up your ability to think about several things at once). Atlas is the center pillar of support in my life. I named him Atlas because I knew he would be the titan who holds up my world, and he really is.
 Also, he is really cute."
"I frighten myself.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I frighten myself.  So... I literally keep stumbling over this subject in my mind and it's been bothering me for a whole so I figured if I talk about it I could understand it better.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression, needless to say it's affected my life in many ways but one of the biggest ways I'd how easily my moods are swayed by outward influences (I.e. movies or music). It's gotten to the point to where I am overly empathetic to what the overall emotion of the media is delivering. For instance I just got done watching the first season of ""You"" (a show about a stalker) and I feel like with other people they'd feel the emotion or dread from the show and like get over it, but for me I dwell on it, so much so that I almost feel like I've murdered someone or severely stalked someone (which I haven't). It's troubling because it gets so close that I almost convince myself that I've done these things and once again I HAVE NOT.
 I don't know if anyone else feels like this from time to time to this magnitude, but I don't know how to feel about it anymore. And it's not just with creepy or dad stuff either, happy things have a huge effect on me too, watching rom-coms sucks because I always end the movie thinking that the love of my life is sitting next to me, and he's not. And then I get confused for like a brief second wondering where he is as if he already existed in my life before the movie and that was our story that we went through, I don't know. Maybe everyone goes through this, do they? Is it this severe for other people because it is for me. It even happens when people tell me stories, it's like I live through their story and it's never even happened to me. Someone tell me something."
"Out of body experience.  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Out of body experience.  Hi. First time on reddit. 2 years ago I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 1. I'm now medicated with Invega Trinza. To make the story short my dad and my mother are both religious. They are borderline extremist. When I was young my dad had No social cable TV or antenna to watch the news in the house. Only a TV to watch Christian movies. Living in campaign a little far away from the city.
 Happily I've been adopted by my aunt who is agnostic. Living in Montréal. Where I was originally born. She alway cared for me. She has an open mind. I was free to watch any movie I wanted. The movies that affected me the most was the ones about aliens. Like E.t , Close encounters of the third kind. Etc.
 The thought of Aliens existing and the sentiment of infinite univers alway made me afraid of sleeping at night. It was so intense like if they were already in my life or if something tried to tell me that one day I will be in contact with them.
 Years passed and one day between the age of 19 to 21 I had my first contact with them in a lucid dream. It was so clear I was able to see them like if it was in real life. 3 green beigns with small body and big head. It was very comfortable. When I woke up I was not sure if it was from my imagination or real experience.
 One week later I was still questioning my experience. And during this period of time I made an out of body dream where I found one of my earrings that I have lost. It was right under my bed. I found it in my dream then when I woke up by curiosity looked at the specific place and it was there. This out of body experience is the first one where I found a real object from the real world.
 I'm also animated about the meaning of the universe.  For me the univers is infinite and finite. I'm animated about colors like the rainbow. For me the planet is like the rainbow. It goes like that. Red in the center. Yellow for the grounds. Green for the plants. Cyan for the oxygen.  Blue for the water in the clouds. And magenta for the electricity over the clouds.
 And for me this is a code of the univers that is living for itself. Same as the rainbow. Red-Yellow-Green-Cyan-Bleu-Magenta.
 This knowledge animate my mind alot and this is why I think I've been in contact with aliens and experimenting things like out of body experience. I also experience tactile hallucination.  Sexual hallucination.
 Any one who is attracted to colors like me?"
"I always feel worthless and like a waste, despite my situation  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  I always feel worthless and like a waste, despite my situation  A little bit of background: I have been diagnosed with bipolar 2 and ADHD for 7 years and have many struggles with that, but recently, things are a different kind of bad.
 Objectively, I can look at my life and see things are improving. At age 25, I have $50000 saved and no debt, a wonderful, supportive fiance, a good support system of friends, and I've repaired my relationship with my parents and finally feel a sense of support from them. Despite that, I consistently feel worse every time I should feel better.
 I recently left my job. I hated the work and wasn't passionate about it (I was in management, while i am an introverted, analytical person). My mental health was deteriorating quickly at that job and my fiance helped me build up the courage to quit. Before that, I had already decided I was going back to school to pursue my masters in applied statistics starting fall 2020. This was as of December 6, 2019. Immediately after leaving, I went to see my psychiatrist for the first time in over a year, and have since been put on adderall and depakote.   Since then, I am always either sad or stressed.
 I feel ashamed that I don't have a job, despite the fact I'm preparing for grad school, and my fiance encourages me to relax as we have savings and she makes enough to cover bills.
 I feel stressed at the thought of taking Student loans, despite the real possibility of getting a scholarship or Assistantship, and the fact that my savings could cover all of the loans if I wanted to go that route
 I feel sad that I can't find the motivation to do anything most days, despite the time I have right now.
 I'm frustrated I can't get myself to be reasonable and even try to see my situation for what it actually is.
 Worst of all, I'm just so upset that I always live my life thinking I'm just a disappointment to everyone I care about.
 I dont know why I even posted this, really. Maybe part I just needed to get it out, but maybe part advice too. Could this just be wrong meds? Does anyone else have these nagging feelings where they just can't be satisfied with themselves, and how did you begin to cope?"
I feel like my trauma doesn't matter. MY STORY AND RANT:  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I feel like my trauma doesn't matter. MY STORY AND RANT:  LONG STORY. Just me venting to the void. Triggers (sexual assault, medical marijuana, natural disaster, suicidal ideation, childhood abuse) * * * * * I dont know if I have C-PTSD but I've been having some issues that I think are related to trauma. I guess the problem is is that it doesn't feel valid... I've been diagnosed with bipolar, generalized anxiety disorder, pure o OCD. However recently I've been dealing with a lot of psychosis which I thought might be related to the bipolar either as bipolar psychosis or schizoaffective. But now I'm wondering if its actually a lot of trauma built up that I didnt even really realized. There are a lot of small examples I can think of but it's so hard without the backstory because I feel like it's all a tangled web. The issue is that when the events are actually happening I feel "fine" and handle it really well and I feel like it always creeps in way later. From the earliest I can remember my mother and i have never really been compatible. When I was younger she would always fight with my dad screaming at him. So much that I remember my little brother coming to hide with me and he would cover his ears and I'd try to comfort him and tell him it was ok. Now when people raise their voice at me or slam doors or etc. I get really upset and start crying. A little backstory: I had a lot of behavioural issues when I was younger like biting and scratching people past an age where that was acceptable and had meltdowns and tantrums etc. So now me and my fiance (who has aspergers) that I may be undiagnosed aspergers and my mom instead of getting me help internet diagnosed me as having a red food dye sensitivity which would "make me act out". Well of course they brought it up at Christmas this year when my grandma served red and green chips and they all had to bring it up like it wasn't enough torment to be left out of everything growing up because well we domt know if she will start acting out if we feed her anything with dye in it 🙄. We also had flower moths in the house growing up and really they are harmless but I have so many issues with worms and maggots. I found them in my straw once and almost drank it, I remember picking apart my oatmeal because sometimes the oats looked like maggots and sometimes I found some in my food 😳. I remember getting a bad test grade and my mom said "why can't you fucking do anything right". I remember her getting so and frustrated with me that she almost slapped me across the face. But I mean she didnt... At 14 I started getting chronically sick when I ended getting diagnosed with ehler danlos syndrome and postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome. And the list is growing. My mom loves to still remind me that the list is growing and what is wrong with me because there's always something else. My friends left me in high school because I was chronically I'll with invisible illness and they didnt understand. Basically all of my best friends turned out to be crazy and were just using and manipulating me. Everyone bullied me and picked on me. I think its because I'm small and it was easy. After high school I got blackout drunk with my friend and she invited over her boyfriend and his friend. The friend wasn't drunk and he has sex with me. I don't remember it and I was drunk but did it willingly so it doesn't feel like it counts. Many of my boyfriends even guilted me into having sex with them because they made me feel like I was wrong that they were frustrated and unsatisfied if i didnt have sex with them because they haven't had sex in weeks. In college I went to Italy where I was alone in the countryside in the origin of the 2016 earthquakes. I didnt get hurt though so I dont really feel like it should count but when the house feels like its shaking its terrifying. While I was also still in Italy I confided in someone that I was feeling suicidal and he told my mother who I specifically told him not to contact leading my mother to call the school and send people to check on me which I was not comfortable with because being sent to the psych hospital is my worst fear. Then I got a service dog when I was in college in America now and my mother had the means to help me but wouldn't because she didnt believe I needed one. Then the school made up lies about my dog to have him removed. But then I ended up leaving school. This is when I met my fiance. I started the antidepressant lexapro because I was undiagnosed with anything except anxiety and depression. It killed my sex drive and sexuality and made sex excruciatingly painful. Sex was the one thing I held above all else in life. My sexuality was everything to me and it took it away. Now the pain is less (still have to find the cause) and now it feels more trauma based. I feel incredible SHAME when my wonderful fiance touches me and sometimes I'm able to let go but most of the time I break down crying or shut down or both. It feels terrible. Between my first and second year at college I was in a car crash but I wasn't injured. But sometimes when in driving I replay it over and over again. The whole scenario and analyze it. Did I cause it? Did he cause it? I thought he did but then I start second guessing myself. I struggled a lot in school with my mental health, so I started seeing an actual psychiatrist to get answers and he gives me all these diagnoses which I dont necessarily disagree with. So he takes me off the antidepressant which is triggering my mania. I get depressed (duh) so I told him and he tell me I have to go to the ER because of my suicidal ideation (which I basically always have and not something I would act on which I said) and so basically he made my worst fear start coming true. I go to the hospital and they're trying to take my service dog away which I was not about to let the only thing keeping me sane go and so they threatened to invoulentarily commit me. And I think that was the turning point. I started doing DBT therapy and really started working hard. Now I'm only on medical marijuana but I'm working really hard to get better and I'm just now starting to process everything that happened. Besides the hospital, most of these situation everyone was like omg are you ok and I was like yeah I'm fine and I really meant it but now even years later (I'm 20 now) it's starting to really affect me I think. And I dont really feel valid I think because all these things happened so long ago and I was fine so its like I cant all of a sudden be not fine when I was fine for so long. But I feel fucking trapped. I can hardly get myself to leave the house anymore. Its torture. I want answers so bad but I really domt want to see a psychiatrist. My therapist is amazing and I'm making amazing progress but she believes in treating the person not the illness which I appreciate but also I want answers. I also dont think therapists are able to diagnose people. I just want answers for peace of mind.
"Bipolar disorder life issue  Caution - Depression Trigger  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  Bipolar disorder life issue  Caution - Depression Trigger  So I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder 2 years ago and schizo affective for about 6 years before been mostly on abilify, but tried lithium but that was bad for my kidneys so been on abilify for almost 8 years... still it feels like somethings wrong with me ... im sometimes depressed and sometimes life is bearable, I should probably try another mood stabilizer instead of abilify but to be honest... my mental state is annoying me alot... its so unpredictable and varies alot from hour to hour day to day that I dont know what to think anymore . i function under abilify but seriously though .... my parents are so helpful to me considering this illness yet if i say I feel bad only once they say I should be active more . Like ffs if I didnt have my thoughts against me and this weird feeling I would be more active and energetic. I just dont know what to believe anymore... watching self help videos on youtube is not a solution at all haha talking with my parents isnt a solution either maybe reddit can help with whatever the fuck is going on in my head or in my life...
 people talk as if they know solutions people pretend to have the best advice only 2 friends in my life which dont act like this I feel like I should cut off some bad friends and  invest more in the 2 that dont demand my attention like they own me."
"Risperdone and Fluoxetine combination  Close  3  Posted by  2 months ago  Risperdone and Fluoxetine combination  I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1 and I'm noticing my relationships are going down the drain. I'm not sure if I'm in a manic episode again but I've experienced one the beginning of this year that I had to be put in a mental facility for.
 I've been seeing a therapist every other week and have met with them twice so far. I'm prescribed Risperdone and Fluoxetine together and I'm skeptical of their effectiveness treating my bipolar. Furthermore at the beginning of taking these medications I was very high spirits but now I'm feeling low and sleeping way more. I feel depressed and like I'm losing myself. I also take CBD which makes me less anxious but thats about it, it has helped with restoring some joy. I've informed my therapist that I've been self treating myself but they are against it.
 Do any of you diagnosed with Bipolar take Risperdone and Fluoxetine together  or CBD and what are your experiences with these drugs?"
Psychiatrists and Therapists Going Back and Forth on Diagnosis  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  Psychiatrists and Therapists Going Back and Forth on Diagnosis  So, I've been diagnosed with Bipolar by several psychiatrists and one nurse practitioner but had others refute this diagnosis and tell me that Borderline Personality Disorder is more fitting. I agree with the latter, but my new therapist told me not to write off a Bipolar diagnosis. I was wondering if anyone else might be diagnosed with Bipolar and feel like they don't quite fit the criteria?
"My mom has bpd and I am worried I might as well.  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  My mom has bpd and I am worried I might as well.  Tdlr are my behaviors learned from my mother or do I have the same disorder?
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and ptsd. my mom has boarderline personality disorder. She ruins all of her relationships, I'm terrified I actually have it too. I have alot of similar coping strategies as her, and for my first relationship I didnt recognize it untill we broke up. I dont know if it's because I grew up with her or I actually have it.
 I literally tortured my ex the same way she tortured me and I had no idea untill later. I fucking hate that I didnt see it sooner. I cared about him too much if that makes sense. Like way too much.
 I have alot of issues that I can trace back to things my mom would force me into or things that happened as a kid and I have never been diagnosed or had my doctors even bring it up before,  I am really worried that because of how I was with my ex that means I am.
 I have made every effort to recognize my actions with him, and I really dont forsee myself ever getting so attached to anyone else again. I ruined my relationship with him the same way my mom ruined every relationship shes ever had. She has one friend and she lives across the country.
 My brother hates her because she treats me badly and guilted him untill he cries. She basically spent years emotionally torturing him for not seeing her more often, he was a little kid and everytime he saw his mom he was made to feel like shit or see his big sister get treated like shit, when it was entirely out of his control. He would do something my mom deemed rude, or made her upset, I had to take him aside and talk to him or ""discipline "" him. I basically just explained why she was mad and he would get upset at her and ask why shes so crazy.
 When he was upset or hurt he came to me, and it got to a point where my mom was mad at me because my brother liked me more, and didnt want to be around her as much as me. I think it's just because he respects me more. Mom now blames me for it, and says I made him hate her. She usually pulls that card out on my birthday. She blames me for her entire family hating her, she says I lied to them and made them think bad things about her. But they have kindof hated her since I was little. My aunt is the one who initially got my brother and I taken away.
 My whole family thinks shes an addict, because she acts so erratic and hysterical that it seems like shes on drugs. When she feels threatened she flips. Theres no way for her to ever be the bad guy in any situation. She is volatile, everything is a huge screaming blow up. She will literally just forget an entire situation if she has to. Her brain just can accept it.
 My first boyfriend and at the time I was having alot going on and my mom had isolated me and the only people I saw for years were my mom and my boyfriend. He and I were teenagers when he moved in. I never attached like that to anyone but him before except my mom when I was little because I was taken away alot. He and I had absolutely no boundries, and spent all of our time together. I thought we just were really close, I had never been in a healthy relationship or seen one. If it wasnt for him living here I'd believe my mom, by the end of every fight she would have me thinking it really was my fault. When he was there he saw and heard everything. He absolutley hated my mother for how she was with me. Roght before he moved out he told me not let her torture me anymore.
 I genuinely believed we would be together forever, I trusted him completely. It took me a good few months to really get over him but I'm okay with it now. I was completely freaking out because I hadnt been eating or sleeping and i was working really hard and doing alot of physically strenuous work. my brain fuses kinda blew, basically like went through a really bad really long manic episode. I'm lucky I wasnt with someone who gave a fuck about me because I would have been hospitalized but my best friend at the time enjoys watching people spiral. I was really dependent on him just with everything. We had a super toxic relationship on both ends. I didnt know how I was acting untill I was able to see it from the outside, and was able to live around people who act logical. I'm terrified of becoming like my mother. She tortures people, she makes peoples lives hell and in turn makes her own life hell.
 I find that most of my relationships platonic or otherwise are with very negative influences or just kindof bad people in general. I all have made friends with the dick head kids because I always found ways to excuse bad behavior, or find reasons why they are good. I hate seeing people sad, and I hate being the cause of it. I'm also super insecure, and I'm terrified of what people think of me, because if they think I am on drugs I could have my kids taken away, if I am ugly people will make fun of me, if I mess up at work they will think I'm stupid and might fire me. I dont know if I'm paranoid or what, but the last thing on earth I want is to be like my mother."
I gave up today  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  I gave up today  I was raised to be a good Christian man. I was raised to do what I thought was right and to pray when I was down. I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression and major anxiety. I've prayed and I've prayed time and time again. I've tried for so long but he never answers. I've struggled with my faith but I've worn my cross necklace given to me on my graduation day ever since I received it. I never took it off and I told myself I never would unless I gave up my faith. I tried praying again and I prayed harder and longer than I had before. Yet again my prayers fell on deaf ears. I broke and I tore the necklace off and threw it. I gave up what faith I had left. It's not that I dont believe God exists. I just believe he has given up on me
"HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Hey y'all,
 I'm exposing myself here, but I figure, here goes.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm nervous that that's not what I have, or I may have something more than that.
 I've talked to myself ever since I can remember, coming up with 'characters' through which I go through life. At first this was just games and I'd make up little plays and games with these 'characters', but now I go through daily life talking through them, to myself. They have names. However, they're characteristics aren't different from my personality, they're not very different from each other; it feels like I'm the same person, just with different names that I used to talk to myself and work through my problems or my day. All the characteristics and everything add up to make up 'me.' I'm fully conscious of these 'characters,' don't have amnesia, no forgetfulness, don't really notice dissociation throughout the day.
 I also struggle with binge-eating at times, but never self-harmed or abused substances. I do have a history of trauma mostly shared with my family.
 I'm nervous that I may have traits related to BPD, DID, or C-PTSD. For anyone co-morbid, or who just have those disorders, how did you know? Has any of what I said resonated?"
"HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Hey y'all,
 I'm exposing myself here, but I figure, here goes.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm nervous that that's not what I have, or I may have something more than that.
 I've talked to myself ever since I can remember, coming up with 'characters' through which I go through life. At first this was just games and I'd make up little plays and games with these 'characters', but now I go through daily life talking through them, to myself. They have names. However, they're characteristics aren't different from my personality, they're not very different from each other; it feels like I'm the same person, just with different names that I used to talk to myself and work through my problems or my day. All the characteristics and everything add up to make up 'me.' I'm fully conscious of these 'characters,' don't have amnesia, no forgetfulness, don't really notice dissociation throughout the day.
 I also struggle with binge-eating at times, but never self-harmed or abused substances. I do have a history of trauma mostly shared with my family.
 I'm nervous that I may have traits related to BPD, DID, or C-PTSD. For anyone co-morbid, or who just have those disorders, how did you know? Has any of what I said resonated?"
"It feels like my medicines are starting wearing off in the evenings.  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  It feels like my medicines are starting wearing off in the evenings.  It's a few hours before it's time for my evening doses.
 I'm a 32 year old male and I weigh about 319 pounds. I take 200mg of both Lamictal and Wellbutrin in the mornings and the evenings. I also take a minimum dose of Vraylar at night  I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 2.
 I'm actually supposed to be taking my second dose of Wellbutrin at 2 PM but I just don't want to take medicine three times a day. I'm at home for breakfast and dinner but not lunch.
 I'm not sure what to do about this. I known that I'm on the max dose of both. I'm allergic to SSRI medications. I had a manic reaction to Celexa. I don't want to switch to a mood stabilizer like Depakote that requires frequent blood tests. Plus if I don't like the new mood stabilizer, it's going to take a long time to titrate back up to 200mg of Lamictal again.
 I've considered asking for a different antidepressant but I really like the wakeful effects which helps with my untreated sleep apnea and also the appetite suppressant effects because I'm obese.
 On a different subject, I've noticed that if I'm listening to an upbeat song while I'm exercising. I get the ""runner's high"" feeling but my Bipolar Disorder hightens the effects  exclusively  during the duration of the song. I can get a little euphoric, anxious, homicidal, and wanting to drive my car too fast. I haven't wanted to bring it up to my psychiatric nurse practitioner because it's like the one time I actually feel good rather than depressed.
 The medicines that I'm on now have really helped me. I'm not lying in crying in bed all day. I'm able to get out of the house and do stuff. Maybe I should just be satisfied with what I'm taking now. I'm wanting to reach perfection and feel like I did before I started having symptoms in my early 20s but I doubt that's ever going to happen."
"HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Hey y'all,
 I'm exposing myself here, but I figure, here goes.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm nervous that that's not what I have, or I may have something more than that.
 I've talked to myself ever since I can remember, coming up with 'characters' through which I go through life. At first this was just games and I'd make up little plays and games with these 'characters', but now I go through daily life talking through them, to myself. They have names. However, they're characteristics aren't different from my personality, they're not very different from each other; it feels like I'm the same person, just with different names that I used to talk to myself and work through my problems or my day. All the characteristics and everything add up to make up 'me.' I'm fully conscious of these 'characters,' don't have amnesia, no forgetfulness, don't really notice dissociation throughout the day.
 I also struggle with binge-eating at times, but never self-harmed or abused substances. I do have a history of trauma mostly shared with my family.
 I'm nervous that I may have traits related to BPD, DID, or C-PTSD. For anyone co-morbid, or who just have those disorders, how did you know? Has any of what I said resonated?"
"I am feeling suicidal.  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  I am feeling suicidal.  Not writing a long post, because this is not a rant. I need serious help. I just want to talk about what im going through. I'll summarize everything in short to save time.
 I lost interest in college and started scoring low. This increased my anxiety levels. I already suffered from severe anxiety issues and also have been diagnosed with Bipolar and Hyperactivity. I become depressed with my life as it was miserable. I figured out that i wanted to become an Entrepreneur and start my own company, so i did. My brother was my business partner. He is the tech guy and im the management person. It started well but soon my brother started slacking off. He completely stopped working and has postponed our 2 projects indefinitely. The company has no money to spend and no revenue source until my brother completes either one of the projects. I in the meantime started a couple more projects which did not need my brother's help. They failed. I became more depressed. My brother now says that he will move away from the country to pursue higher studies and leave me stranded. I'm alone in this now. I quit college and now my company is about to close down. I have no future. I dont have technical skills to land an internship or a job. I cannot bear the pressure anymore."
"Mood app recommendations for ultra rapid cycling bipolar II  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  Mood app recommendations for ultra rapid cycling bipolar II  Hey there lovelies!
 I'm trying to decide if subscribing to Daylio monthly/yearly is worth the money.  I've been diagnosed with bipolar II, and my mood often changes more frequently than twice a day, but two is the highest number of free reports this app allows per day.
 Do any of you guys know of a free app with <2 entries per day?  I already use eMoods and love it, but would like to supplement its data with a second app.  Thanks so much!"
"23 year old Bipolar I  Advice  Close  5  Posted by  5 months ago  23 year old Bipolar I  Advice  Hi, I feel like this is the only place I can talk about this.
 I'm 23 and I've been diagnosed with Bipolar I since the end of 2017. I've had multiple psychotic breaks since I turned 18 and tried to get away from my unhealthy family, as well as two suicide attempts. I've been on meds for about 2 years now and things are looking up. I'm still dealing with underlying panic from the jarring experiences I had while psychotic or just majorly depressed, but I'm getting to a good place now; I can tell.
 The thing I'm making this post for is, I just realized that I need to stop feeling shame for where I am in life. Like, I still live with my parents and work only 20-30 hours a week and I don't have a car of my own. But anytime I tell anyone in my hometown where I am in life, I expect them to judge me for being financially ""behind"" for someone my age and try to say as little as possible. But, one, that's not what defines you. And, two, I've been through hell. I deserve to take my time getting back in the game. I shouldn't let capitalism's expectations of you- to be as productive as possible- make me feel shame for needing time after several reality-altering breakdowns at such a young age.
 Anyone else experience shame for being set back by their mental health?"
"Am I eligible to become an emt if I have been involuntarily placed in a psychward?  Mental Health  Close  20  Posted by    Unverified User    7 months ago  Archived  Am I eligible to become an emt if I have been involuntarily placed in a psychward?  Mental Health  I guess the title says it all so I'll provide some backstory. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder since 21 but the symptoms definitely were there since a teenager. Anyways I got drunk one night and broke up with my gf at the time. Not having any actual ambitions I decided to kick the bucket and downed 2 full bottles of prescription meds. I walked ~4 miles before stopped by a police officer who quickly called an ambulance. I vaguely remember talking to the emt about random things on my mind and him telling me i seemed like a smart kid that could do something with my life. The last thing i can recall is just awkwardly staring at him dying and thinking how if i have the chance i wanna be an emt and repay the kindness he showed me forward to others who need it.
 It's been a year and a half since getting out of the psychward. I have sobered up, changed a lot in my life and I still want to become an emt or do something related to that field of work. However, I know because I was an inpatient I may not be able to but cant find any information regarding this matter online. So I guess the question is, am I eligible?
 Thank you if youve read this far."
"HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar, r/bipolar2)  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar, r/bipolar2)  Hey y'all,
 I'm exposing myself here, but I figure, here goes.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm nervous that that's not what I have, or I may have something more than that.
 I've talked to myself ever since I can remember, coming up with 'characters' through which I go through life. At first this was just games and I'd make up little plays and games with these 'characters', but now I go through daily life talking through them, to myself. They have names. However, they're characteristics aren't different from my personality, they're not very different from each other; it feels like I'm the same person, just with different names that I used to talk to myself and work through my problems or my day. All the characteristics and everything add up to make up 'me.' I'm fully conscious of these 'characters,' don't have amnesia, no forgetfulness, don't really notice dissociation throughout the day.
 I also struggle with binge-eating at times, but never self-harmed or abused substances. I do have a history of trauma mostly shared with my family.
 I'm nervous that I may have traits related to BPD, DID, or C-PTSD. For anyone co-morbid, or who just have those disorders, how did you know? Has any of what I said resonated?"
"Newly diagnosed with Bipolar II but I’m a little skeptical  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  Newly diagnosed with Bipolar II but I’m a little skeptical  I've been diagnosed with bipolar II about a month ago.
 I've basically had anxiety and depression since my teens and it spiraled out of control during college, mostly fueled by my drinking habit. So my doctor is saying I show most hypomanic symptoms (he's mainly conerned about my substance use: cannabis and alcohol and the occasional coke) such as lack of sleep poor decision making and all that stuff associated with it. I had a depressive episode early last year which was triggered by a death of a friend so I was always under the impression that my depression was just caused my stressful events during my life.
 But I’ve always thought of myself as someone who just chased the feeling of euphoria who just happened to have a tendency to be severely depressed. Now my doctor is telling me most of the time that I felt ‘okay’ were probably just hypomania which caused me to make stupid decisions and the cycle continues. I’ve been on antidepressants for a while and I started lamictal on top of that.
 Did anyone else have doubts about their diagnosis? I dunno why but that part about my ‘normal’ periods not being normal really bothers me."
"Can ADHD explain years of failure to launch?  Close  5  Posted by  4 months ago  Can ADHD explain years of failure to launch?  I don't want to bore with details, but essentially, I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, social anxiety disorder, and PTSD, but I think half of my symptoms can be explained by ADHD (or at least I think I have comorbid ADHD) instead, including fear of rejection, inability to finish tasks, emotional dysregulation/impulsiveness, and inability to focus/concentrate. Because I wasn't knowledgeable about how to get diagnosed for ADHD, I pissed off the APRN who diagnosed me when I asked if he could prescribe me a psychostimulant to help focus (apparently people ask that a lot in psychiatrist offices?).
 I'm just really tired of not being able to finish a book. I used to be able to do that. Now I can't. I really want to get a job, but when I try to look for various places online, I get discouraged and ashamed and can't even get started. I've been trying to self-learn programming for years, but every time I finish an exercise, I get distracted by Youtube or video games in another tab/monitor. Procrastination and escapism are rampant in my head everyday. I wish I knew how to fight this thing. ADHD can't be that bad, can it?"
What does a mixed episode feels like for you?  Caution - Manic Trigger  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  What does a mixed episode feels like for you?  Caution - Manic Trigger  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder since 5 years ago now but just recently come to terms with it since I also have borderline personality disorder. I've had episodes of hypomania or depression. This month I'm pretty sure I've had my first mixed episodes, and since it's a lot to take in for my brain to have both, sometimes my brain works as a computer and it kind of fries itself or freezes, leading up to a state of shock or catatonic state. I'll confirm my mixed episodes with my psychiatrist soon, but I'd like to know what your experiences are with mixed episodes. Thanks!
"Does your reaction to a medicine say anything about your diagnose?  Close  5  Posted by  4 months ago  Does your reaction to a medicine say anything about your diagnose?  Hi there. I've been diagnosed with bipolar II and PTSD and am currently taking 50mg of Lamotrigine (slowly increasing).
 In the past 3 weeks or so my mood has been very unstable. I've been crying a lot and at inappropriate times, having insomnia that sometimes causes me to sleep 4 hours a night, feeling depressed and considering life changing solutions that I can't trust myself enough to believe would be really good for me.
 Having said that, I've also been having a hard time accepting my bipolar diagnose. However, those symptoms I'm feeling seem very much like the symptoms of bipolar.
 Does my reaction to Lamotrigine sort of confirms that I do have bipolar? Or could it possibly cause bipolar symptoms in a person who's not bipolar?"
"A word vomit rant: t-minus 9 days  Relationships/Family  Close  20  Posted by   10.18.19 Sav GA   6 months ago  Archived  A word vomit rant: t-minus 9 days  Relationships/Family  I just need to vent about my mother and MIL. Please disregard misspellings and grammar; rage typing.
 Background: FH and I are getting married in 9 days, just the two of us, out of state. We will be having a reception for our family and friends back in our home city 2 weeks later.
 Last night my mother texts FH ""Disappointed that (Father of Bride) and I cant be there. Wish things were different."" then says she's ""Excited to have another son."" I'm so tired of her manipulation that I could have cancelled the party right there. She knows that we did not want a traditional wedding, especially after we called off our first wedding plans last year due to  major  mental health problems on my end. I know my dad could give two shits less because he's offered to pay for a Vegas elopement since I was 15.
 This is a drop in the bucket of annoyances. My grandma (her mom) and her both were professional wedding cake bakers and BEGGED me to let them make a cake that I didn't even care about. All I wanted was a single tier, triple layer cake for cutting. She decides that its too much work, and begins texting me at 11PM on the forth of July while we're out with friends, that she no longer is going to do the cake. 15 minutes later, ""NVM your dad will help"" Luckily I was driving and FH was on phone duty otherwise I would have lost my shit.
 Other texts include asking if my dad can walk me down the aisle (to what? its an open house reception) and if I would do a father-daughter dance (Im not even dancing with FH. There's no dancefloor, our reception is at a restaurant.)
 MIL wont stop making comments that she's disappointed we wont be having a pastor marry us. Lady, I went to a secular school for 10 years and my grandparents who paid for that schooling and are elders in the church dont even care. You go to Church on Easter and that's it. Stop playing the 'Holier than thou' card. I've been with your son for 5 years and he hasnt stepped foot in a place of worship once.
 MIL is also throwing a fit that her cousins and their children will not be coming to the reception. They won't be there because the cousins husband, whose been battling dementia for years, died and his celebration of life is the same day halfway across the state.
 I already know that the morning of our wedding I'm going to have 400 texts from both Moms wishing they could be there. It wouldn't surprise me if they tried to call in the middle of the ceremony.
 I love my mom, but she has always been a trigger for me; she's been manipulative my entire life and we believe undiagnosed bipolar. Unfortunately she had a traumatic brain injury that also mimics some of the symptoms shortly before I met FH. I've been diagnosed with BiPolar 1 and PTSD, so I 100% see myself in how my mom was pre-accident. FMIL is diagnosed borderline personality disorder. My poor FH.
 Please share your family rants!"
"plateau  Caution - Depression Trigger  Close  2  Posted by   Bipolar 1   3 months ago  plateau  Caution - Depression Trigger  feeling pretty hopeless about medical help. I've been diagnosed with bipolar for years now. I've tried a bunch of different meds, counselors, psychiatrists, inpatient stays. a lot of these things didn't work because I didn't put in the effort (younger years) but now that I'm 100% willing to jump through any hoop docs ask me to, it seems like a big wall has been put up.
 I've been told to take classes for DBT and im willing but the wait lists are very long, or the places are very far away. I have a sleep study scheduled for March at the soonest. I'm only on lithium and gabepentin and neither are doing shit for me. meanwhile I live 50 miles away from my current psychiatrist and it's a burden on my parents to drive me to appointments all the time. I stopped smoking weed at the request of said psychiatrist, in hopes of her being more willing to prescribe a 'heavier' med for me. besides getting a therapist in the meantime, (working on that now) I really dont know what else to do with myself.
 Weed or no weed, my thoughts are more or less the same. super negative. not fun. excruciating. I just dont know what my doctors think is supposed to happen. i sort of feel abandoned even though i have appointments scheduled and people to see eventually. I was looking forward to the DBT because it sounded like it could help me, but it doesnt sound like it's happening anytime soon. when it does it will be a burden on my parents to drive me 50 miles and back.
 long story short, please if you have any suggestions to fill my time in between waits for appointments it would be appreciated. I've started going on walks with my moms on her lunch, I'm using a light therapy lamp, I take my meds religiously and I keep a decent sleep schedule and overall routine. my diet could be improved, and I rarely do anything for personal fun. I'm on disability so I have time to make improvements, I'm just at a loss. I just dont want to feel like this anymore ;( my mood tracking app says I've been 2/5 or lower for almost two months straight, but the last time I felt true mania or hypomania was in like 2015 when i went crazy with credit cards and rapid fire got hired and quit like 4 jobs. I've been miserable or extremely uncomfortable every day since and I just need something to break that. please tell me what works for you."
My mood and head sensation changes every second  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  My mood and head sensation changes every second  I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2 months ago and I don't know what to do about this. I always have to force my head to be a particular sensation if that makes sense.
"Can't get her out of my mind. It's been 11 years.  Close  3  Posted by  4 months ago  Can't get her out of my mind. It's been 11 years.  I can't stop thinking about this girl I had a crush on in high school. I had crush on her for 6 years in high school. It's been 5 years since I passed out from high school and I still can't get her out of my mind. I haven't seen her apart from social media for 5 years. But, to this day, I can't find anyone more attractive than her. No one is even close to her elegance. All I think about when I'm lonely is her. I can't even masturbate to porn sometimes. When this happens, I open her Instagram to release my load. She is not considered curvaceous or sexy by people, but for me she is perfect. She is the symbol of a true woman.
 Is this really something special, or my diagnose of obsessive and bipolar disorder (or possibly borderline personality disorder, not sure at this point. I just know there's something wrong with me and I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder with obsessions) has something to do with this?"
I'm a bipolar sociopath. AMA.  Close  1  Posted by  5 months ago  I'm a bipolar sociopath. AMA.  I've been diagnosed with Bipolar I (I get manic and depressive episodes) and ASPD.
"Feeling like I don't have reasons to be depressed  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  Feeling like I don't have reasons to be depressed  I was overthinking a little. I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression a couple of years ago, but I remember having it (or at least being a big melancholic) my whole life, and I somehow don't feel like I have ""enough reasons"" to be depressed.
 I see so many people having their depression triggered or caused by major tragic events in their lifes like truly having a difficult and shitty life with family, school and even addictions issues; but in my case (or at least most of it) I get very depressed due to romantic issues. I think that the most recurrent event in my life is loving some girl and not being corresponded and, in most cases, having to see her with someone else. In front of all of this I feel so diminished, like it isn't a valid reason to be like this. I get so bad, like really suicidal, sometimes and I feel dumb by thinking that if someone asked me ""But you wanna kill yourself because of that girl?"" I'd promptly would say yes.
 Of course, it isn't solely this that makes me miserable. There are truly other aspects of my life that sadden me a lot, but specially the romantic one have such a huge toll on me. I feel so unwanted and unimportant, ignored and even blame myself a lot for thinking it's my fault the other person don't feel the same, and for putting myself into some situations I see myself as a fool.
 For me is so hard being alone. Unfortunately, many of the friendships I have with girls exist because in some point I was interested in some way, and I feel bad that nothing came out of it. I don't like to get too intimal with people I don't know, and it's really hard to get romantically involved with friends because they're insecure it will ruin the friendship or even because of being seen as a brother or only as a friend. I know I'm wrong acting like this. I'd be a little more comfortable and feel less unwanted if only some kind of caress happened, a kiss, of even sex in some cases. But, well, with so many people having ""worst"" issues, I feel like this is nothing and that I'm dumb for letting this kind of thing take me down.
  
 Any thoughts?
 It's my first time posting here, and idk, was just feeling like letting it out. (Btw, not native english speaker. Might have some mistakes)"
"Advice For a First Trip?  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Advice For a First Trip?  Hi all. I'm kind of nervous posting on here because for one thing, I'm new to Reddit and two, I don't want to seem like an idiot on the topic, but here goes. So just a warning: I'm going to try to keep some details about myself vague because I really don't want anyone in my real life figuring out who I am. Sorry if that's a little annoying.
 Basically, I'm a male and have always been one of those ""I'll try anything once"" curious type of people (which pretty much everyone says). I've always been fascinated with drugs and why people do them. I've been smoking weed since last year, but not as a regular everyday thing. I plan on trying anything as long as I'm safe about it and have done enough research on it, with the exception of meth and heroin (I have a family member who is addicted to meth and it's been destroying my family, so I'm definitely not going down that route). I've heard a lot about how LSD and shrooms sort of ""open up"" your mind and can have really positive effects on you, so naturally I wanted to experience this for myself.
 The problem is that I have mental health issues and they've been quite bad for the past year, even more so recently. I've been diagnosed with bipolar type 2, generalized anxiety disorder, and a few other things that I'd rather not go into.
 One of my good friends (who I'll refer to as A) that I smoke weed with has an older sister (I'll call her B) and her boyfriend (I'll call him C) that lives with them. B and C are very knowledgable about drugs and have been in the ""drug world"" (if that's what you want to call it) for awhile now. C helped B through her first acid trip. He said to just go with it and when she started to spiral into a bad place, he helped her out of it. A also has pretty bad mental health issues including psychosis (he sees and hears things) and because of this, he really doesn't want to try psychedelics.
 If I'm being honest, I'm scared of having a bad trip. I think that if I was with A, B, and C then I would be okay and they could help me out if I started to go down a rough path and I've read/ heard about different ways you can do to get yourself out of a bad trip, but I'm still nervous about it.
 I know that you need to go into it with a positive mindset, but my question is: if you're in a bad spot in your life, should you completely avoid it? Or should you just make sure that you're in a good mood that day and around people who can help you out?
 Sorry if I sound ignorant, but I figured this is probably the best place to get advice from. Also, I'm on different medications including: Cymbalta (duloxetine), buspar (buspirone), vyvanse (Lisdexamfetamine), lamictal (lamotrigine), latuda (Lurasidone), hydroxyzine, and neurontin (Gabapentin). It's a lot, I know, but does anyone know if these would negatively interact with LSD? I usually just skip taking them for the day when I smoke weed, so I could do that if necessary.
 Thanks for reading."
Is this memory loss because of bipolar?  General Question  Close  3  Posted by  5 months ago  Is this memory loss because of bipolar?  General Question  I'm just confused. I'm having spouts of memory loss that doesn't really ever occur to me.  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for about 2 years now and take lamotrigine for it.  Today after work I was sitting in my boyfriend's car talking to him and I suddenly just got foggy and I felt like I wasn't present in the conversation, I forgot what we were talking about and what we had already talked about. Time seemed to move really fast but I looked at the clock and I was only there for 10 minutes. It felt like I was high but I wasn't because I don't do drugs.  I assumed I was just tired and warm.  Then when I was leaving and driving to the gym I made a couple doctor's appointments but immediately forgot what time I made those appointment at.  Once I got to the gym it felt like no time had passed all but ten minutes had passed and I forgot how I even got to the gym but I know I drove.  I remember nothing from the last hour but bits any pieces.  Is this the memory loss that people with bipolar sometimes get?  I'm so confused and terrified.
"Paranoid delusions?  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  Paranoid delusions?  Hi everyone. I've been diagnosed with bipolar II. I went years without medication or therapy when social media was becoming popular and pretty much destroyed my reputation through reckless behavior that was pretty transparent at the time. I burned my way through countless friendships and professional relationships until I finally whittled my way down to only having the two family members I have left and maybe one or two friends in passing.
 These days when I'm attempting to reestablish old friendships or evaluate current professional relationships, I can't stop thinking about what ifs? For example, what if my boss thinks that I'm abusing my disability for special treatment? What if my old friends in a group text have a parallel group text where they're laughing at me?
 I feel constantly paranoid, like my friends, family and coworkers somehow all communicate with each other about me. Does anybody else have issues with paranoid delusions?"
"Girlfriend seems jealous of my dog  Close  33  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Girlfriend seems jealous of my dog  TL;DR: Girlfriend seems to be insecure about my dog and his importance in my life. Is pushing him away from me and seems to want him gone.
 First off, I'm a M(30) and I have a girlfriend (27). We have been seeing each other for a couple of months and she has been spending time at my house almost every weekend and part of the week. She is a bit germaphobic.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for 10 years and it was really difficult for me to deal with life. About 5 years ago I was given a German Shepherd (let's call him Odie). Odie helped me get through some of the toughest times of my life (suicidal thoughts, severe depression and anxiety) with his unconditional love. Things are a lot better now, but he is still important to me.
 Fast forward, when I met my girlfriend she said she liked dogs. She wanted to meet Odie and was hoping he liked her. Odie did and things were great. Once she started staying over, she asked me to not let Odie in the bedroom as he had a strong smell she didn't like. (I've never noticed a smell with him, but I acquiesced). He does shed a lot too but I try to clean up after him. She makes me wash my hands whenever I touch him. She doesn't seem to like when he gets close to me or when I pet him. She doesn't want him in the kitchen.
 She got really upset when I told her he was a part of my life and what he meant to me. She said he was just a dog and he shouldn't mean that much to me and that I was putting her on the same level as him which hurt her. She said she should be all I need and it was unhealthy to love a dog like that. Over time she had started to push Odie away from me, says Odie doesn't like her, and even told me a dream she had of us living together without him. Odie seems to be sensing this and is starting to act out when she is around.
 I forgot to state that she has a dog as well at her place (her mom's dog) but sets different boundaries for him. Also her dog is a lot smaller than mine. I don't think she doesn't like dogs it just seems that she is setting stiffer boundaries than he and I are used too. Her dream about  living together somewhere else without Odie was concerning to me, though.
 I love my dog, but not in the same way as I care about her. What should I do?"
My doctor is doubting putting me on meds  Close  2  Posted by  5 months ago  My doctor is doubting putting me on meds  Hello! I have been diagnosed with bipolar and adhd and my doctor does not want to give me meds for adhd right now... But i can't manage any thing and im loosing it... I cant get anything done and im counting meds would help... Any recomendations what little things i can do to keep my sanity while i wait?
"Severely depressed and lonely after 6 weeks at uni - what do I do?  Close  17  Posted by   French & Japanese | Manchester   6 months ago  Archived  Severely depressed and lonely after 6 weeks at uni - what do I do?  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for about 5 months now and have been on medicine to combat it but these first 6 weeks of uni have honestly been the worst 6 weeks of my life.
 Coming into freshers I already knew one person when I came here, and because alongside mental health issues I suffer really badly with anxiety, I didn't really bond with anyone new at uni, and I'm constantly being pushed away by friends I knew back home because of my mental health issues and because they've found better people wherever they're studying.
 I don't really like my flatmates, in fact, my halls are a living hell. I'm sleep deprived as everyone seems to have parties until 6am every night so I haven't had a good night's sleep since being here.
 I just feel really hopeless and suicidal - the doctors in my area are fully booked so I haven't been able to get any repeat medication and won't for about another month, and the counsellors here haven't helped at all.
 It's also affecting my uni work too. My attendance has been poor because the medication I've been on gives me really low blood pressure and thus I'm tired 24/7
 I've joined societies, but I'm too depressed and tired to get out and go to them (I have a few times btw, but not often).
 I just feel hopeless, hoping some people here can lend me a hand. :("
Bipolar & NoFap  General Question  Close  3  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Bipolar & NoFap  General Question  Is there any relationship b/w these two!? Curious to know because I started NoFap since Sept 13, 2019 & I've been diagnosed with bipolar in late 2015!
"I'm too far gone  Close  5  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  I'm too far gone  I won't go into the details of how much I was using and for how long (you can look at my previous posts for that information). I've been using for about 6 months, in my mind the most productive 6 months of my life. I advanced my understanding of maths (I started off at calc 1 from hs). I'm excited and the only thing that can hold me back now is my own incompetence. I'm humble of incompetence though, we're all incompetent, and the level of everyone's own incompetence is constantly increasing as we become more technologically advanced.
  
 I'm also aware that phenibut has caused significant issues for me. When I'm approaching the time I always consume phenibut, I'm in a state of paralysis by analysis, I feel extremely unconfident and I just can not think straight at all. I also get extreme shifts in mood related to the thoughts I'm having in that given moment. I have a thought enter my head and my mood shifts strongly with the subject matter of that thought. Huge shifts in the perception of my own competence, one minute I'll feel as though I'm a disgusting low life creep that is nothing but an outcast to society. The next minute I'll be thinking to myself that you're just overexaggerating those thoughts, what you said, that's true but not to the extent that you were perceiving and the hold it's taking on your mood is clear enough to see this is driven by pure emotions (no rational thoughts).
  
 Then I consume phenibut (that's why I'm here typing this right now), and I'm stabilized. I'm able to think clearly, and see that all those thoughts were under a state of delusion or at least the emotion to those thoughts were greatly intensified.
  
 Oh, and I forget to tell you guys, I've been diagnosed with bipolar.
  
 I could go on and on, and boy, there is a lot more to the shit that's going on in my head right now, but I really feel like I need to verbalize all of this to someone on discord."
"If you want to talk, message me.  Close  19  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  If you want to talk, message me.  I know this might seem weird but I think we are all missing out on a golden opportunity here.  I mean think about it, nobody knows anybody on here and we're all suffering some type of bullshit.  This is a perfect opportunity to have a real honest conversation with people who are going through or have been through the same shit.  I'm not saying you're going to get some therapist-level advice because for that you need a therapist.  But these dont have to be therapy sessions.  Just legitimate conversations with people who are all here for the same reason.  Please feel free to leave your name in the comments if you too feel like you would like to have these conversations.  I'm not trying to be the only one.  I always feel better after talking with somebody who has been through this bullshit.  It's hard to admit what's been going on, but I promise you its healthy.  I'll take the first leap here:
 I'm a 23 year old Man. I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 2 disorder and PTSD. I've been institutionalized several times. I've tried to commit suicide twice. I'm still here.
 Lets help each other guys.  We can all beat this bullshit."
What the heckers did I just experience  Close  4  Posted by  5 months ago  What the heckers did I just experience  I posted this to  r/bipolar  but I am hoping maybe someone here might have any insight of what I went through, I'm just confused. I'm having spouts of memory loss that doesn't really ever occur to me.  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for about 2 years now and take lamotrigine for it.  Today after work I was sitting in my boyfriend's car talking to him and I suddenly just got foggy and I felt like I wasn't present in the conversation, I forgot what we were talking about and what we had already talked about. Time seemed to move really fast but I looked at the clock and I was only there for 10 minutes. It felt like I was high but I wasn't because I don't do drugs.  I assumed I was just tired and warm.  Then when I was leaving and driving to the gym I made a couple doctor's appointments but immediately forgot what time I made those appointment at.  Once I got to the gym it felt like no time had passed all but ten minutes had passed and I forgot how I even got to the gym but I know I drove.  I remember nothing from the last hour but bits any pieces.  Is this the memory loss that people with bipolar sometimes get or something else?
"I'm so sick of my mother bullying me and my oldest and I don't know what to do anymore.  Close  4  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  I'm so sick of my mother bullying me and my oldest and I don't know what to do anymore.  I'm sorry for ranting about this here but I don't have anyone to talk to nor do I really have a support system around me.  I'm at the end of my rope and I just don't know what to do anymore or how to handle things. I honestly don't even know where to start and I know this is going to jump back and forth but I need to talk to someone before I lose it myself.
 Maybe I should start with a little backstory?
 I was adopted when I was a month old and honestly, I had a good adoption story.  I'm actually glad that I was adopted because when I finally met my birth parents at 18 years old, I realized that the situation would have been a lot worse.  Yes, even though my mom is definitely emotionally screwed up, being adopted was the best thing that could have happened to me.
 My dad died from Leukemia when I was 2 years old so my mom raised me as a single mother.  I had a great childhood up until I was in 5th grade.  When I entered 5th grade a lot of my own emotional and mental illnesses started to come to a head.  I developed very bad social anxiety, I didn't want to leave the house, I was very depressed and the private school that I had been in just wasn't a good fit for me. My 5th-grade teacher was bullying me big time and it wasn't helping anything that I was dealing with.
 I remember my mom trashing my room, ripping posters off of my wall and cutting all of my clothes in half because I refused to leave the house.  She wouldn't acknowledge it as a mental issue and told me I needed to stop acting like a baby and realize that I couldn't have things my way.  She just wouldn't understand that I physically couldn't leave the house and I physically couldn't get myself out of the funk I was in.  This is when my mom started her bullying and emotional abuse.
 She never understood mental illness and still doesn't understand it.  Whenever I expressed how depressed and hopeless I felt she told me that it was ""just a phase"" and I would get over it.  Or she would tell me to stop being a baby and grow up.  She never really wanted to try to understand that I had issues that needed to be fixed.
 When I went to college I moved out and finally was out of her grip.  It was honestly so freeing not to have someone yelling in my face and throwing things at me 24/7.  Unfortunately, because I had the freedom I decided to rebel and I ended up pregnant with my oldest daughter.  I had no choice but to move back in with my mom because I was 19, had no money and student loans that were piling up.
 I now have two girls, 14 (today) and 11 and they're my life.  They're my everything and we defend each other as much as we can.  I'm a single mother, not by choice but because I choose the wrong men, and my mom lives with me because she's disabled.  She has a disc disease in her back, heaps of other health problems and just found out that she has cardiac issues on top of everything else.  Unfortunately, I don't see having her move out ever being an option so I'm trying to come to terms with the fact that I actually have to just deal with it.  It's just really getting to me and it seems like it's getting worse.
 Today is my oldest daughter's 14th birthday and I've been cleaning the house for 4 days so everything will be perfect for her friends to come over.  Yes, I'm a single mom, but I try so hard to keep a good home and give my kids everything they need and want in life.  Sure, sometimes my depressive episodes get to me and the house gets a little messy but it doesn't mean my mom can't help to clean some of the things up.  I understand that she can't be on her feet for long periods of time but it wouldn't kill her to pick a cup up off the floor or put the dog's toys back in the box.  If I ask her to do any of this she tells me that her doctor told her not to do anything or she will have a heart attack. (Which is a lie, I go to every single doctor's appointment with her because she can't drive and I know exactly what is said because sometimes she can't understand or remember it all.)
 Back to today -- My daughter is having some of her friends over for her birthday party because she's 14 and doesn't want to have her party out because she understands how expensive it can get for me.  My mom has been screaming and telling my 14 year old how stupid she is for having friends here for days.  My mom has been threatening to make fun of her in front of her friends, she's threatening to kill my daughter's pet's before the party (she has a chinchilla and guinea pig who she takes very good care of), she keeps telling me that I don't do anything around the house and I'm a ""*#*(&(& loser who can't keep a job"" etc...
 Mind you - I have an Etsy shop, I started my own business and I work as a substitute teacher just to make ends meet.  I do everything I possibly can to have money for my family.  And while I can't have a 9-5 desk job because of all my home obligations, I still manage to pay the bills every month.
 My oldest has just developed bad social anxiety and realized that she has depression as well and my mom is doing the same to her as she did to me.  She's berating her for what she's feeling, my mom is actually bullying her and telling her that she's a no-good piece of trash, she's agreeing with the bullying that my daughter is facing at school and she's just being a terrible person overall.  She's better with my youngest and definitely plays favorites.  She scolds and yells at my youngest when needed but she doesn't constantly bully her like she does my oldest.  If she causes my oldest to have an anxiety attack she will stand there and continue to scream at her while my oldest is curled up in a ball crying.  I have to physically get in the middle of it and push my mom out of the room so she could just leave her alone.  My mom still doesn't believe in depression, bipolar, anxiety attacks, etc...  She still thinks they're just ""phases"", even though I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 1.  She claims that the diagnosis is just so doctors can make more money and ""put me on drugs"".  (Aka: My antidepressants and mood stabilizers)
 I personally think my mom needs to see a psychologist and psychiatrist but if I even try to mention it to her she sees red and blacks out on me screaming.  I just don't know what to do anymore, I have no one to talk to, I don't have any friends because I'm not ""allowed"" to and I deal with this all on my own.
 My mom has never allowed me to have friends, go over friends' houses or have friends over mine.  Whenever I would bring friends around as a kid, she would scare them away with her bad attitude.  She still berates me and calls every hour if I ever dare to leave the house to try to get some time for myself.  Apparently according to her, ""Parents aren't allowed to have social lives.""  I feel like I'm in prison in my own house and I've felt this way for so long.
 I know you guys don't know me and you aren't obligated to actually talk to me or comment, but thank you guys in advance if anyone feels compelled to do so.  I really appreciate it.  Off to finish cleaning and getting things ready for my daughter's party.  Wish me luck, I hope I still have my sanity by the end of today."
"Does anyone else feel like a fraud? If so, how do you cope with it?  Close  10  Posted by   Bipolar 2   10 months ago  Archived  Does anyone else feel like a fraud? If so, how do you cope with it?  I've been diagnosed with bipolar and adhd since late teens (now almost 30), but all of the sudden, the last couple of months or so Ive been feeling like a fraud with this illness. Been in a depressive episode for a few years and finally starting to come out of it, and been having a mixed episode for a few weeks now. I have talked to my therapist and friends about this, and they have all made sure that I am in fact definetly bipolar, but I somehow still struggle with believing them. It always seems like everyone else is definetly sick in another way than me and it is very confusing to me. So how does people cope with this feeling? Its driving me insane at this point. I know there is a thing where people feel like frauds, which is why im looking for coping mechanisms for this.
 Also sorry if this doesnt belong here or anywhere, its my first time posting to reddit and I wasnt even sure to post."
"Is my mental illness a sin?  Close  0  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Is my mental illness a sin?  Hey! First post here so please remove this if I break any rules!
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar II & borderline for a couple of years now. Recently, I've started getting panic attacks & talked to my therapist about it. She's a Christian too & I've been seeing her for about two years.
 She brought me to Romans 8 where it says in verse 9 that we no longer live in the flesh but the Spirit, which means saying that anxiety is from my 'sinful nature' is untrue; that since we're already led by the Spirit of God, that our minds are no longer controlled by anxiety. She then went on to say that if I'm panicking, or feeling manic, or depressed- it's not my hormones, but me choosing that.
 I guess that was a shock to me? I'd always thought mental illness was illness & not choice. Still totally confused & would really appreciate what you guys think about this! (:"
"I'm experiencing life-threatening mood swings and it's getting in the way of my studies  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  I'm experiencing life-threatening mood swings and it's getting in the way of my studies  I'd like to start of by saying that I'm sorry I wasn't strong enough and that I hope you don't judge me too much on what I'm about to say. It's just been a problem I have and I don't want to tell my friends or family because I don't want to burden them anymore.
 I've been on medication for 3 years now and I've had my illness for 8 years. I have bipolar disorder 2 and the hypomania has been great. I mean. Really. Great. I get up in the morning with a smile, I go about the day's activities with so much love and happiness. I really feel like I can conquer the world and I do my best to make everyone around me feel the positive energy that I radiate.
 It just sucks to think that for every bout of happiness I get, comes the inevitable crash days after. And what's worse is that the crash happens to be twice as long as the high. I've had a recent episode of self harm and I am ashamed of the scars whenever I go to school. I wear jackets and long-sleeved shirts at the expense of my comfort to hide them. I also skip school almost every friday for the past month with different excuses to tell the people in school - sprain, fever, vomiting, etc. During the past three weeks, I have been severely depressed, but just this weekend, I've gotten into intense hypomania and now it feel like I'm crashing...
 If there was a way that I could just stay hypomanic and happy all the time, I would do that. I've tried to address the problem by meditating, drinking my meds on time, sleeping early and waking up early, avoiding caffeine and nicotine, but it didn't last long. I also tried downloading a bunch of apps to track my mood. I've also listened to podcasts about my mental health disorder and a lot more in the hopes that I could find some treatment that I could do on my own if my psychiatrist wasn't available. These may all be great, but as soon as I gave into temptation, the coping mechanisms that I have (e.g. smoking) got worse. I relapsed hard. I find myself looking for a cigarette every time I'm stressed and it's been hard to control the addiction.
 If there are any tips, words of encouragement, personal anecdotes that could make me feel like I'm not so alone during these times, it would be really helpful. I just want to feel like I'm me again. Lately, it feels like I've been living someone else's life and it feels so surreal to think that nothing really matters... But it's really just an endless rabbit hole where I'm clawing my way to escape it.
 TLDR; I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 2. Had three weeks of severe depression and 2 days of hypomania. For the past week, I've tried to stabilize my mood but I relapsed... Need help, please."
"Lithium on 0.4 after being on 1.2 having maniac episodes and now living the deppresion. F(38)  Close  3  Posted by  4 months ago  Lithium on 0.4 after being on 1.2 having maniac episodes and now living the deppresion. F(38)  Hey everyone, I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 1, but just 4 months ago I started my treament with Lithium Zoloft and Atarax. Took my treament very seriously because it was my last chance, i stop drinking, stop doing drugs, and I was feeling super well and was in the journey of dealing with who I was. But the last month I've been maniac, spend a lot of money having múltiples sexual encounters with people I don't really care, but last friday when I get my test results they were devastating for me. My Lithium levels was on 0.4 and I couldn't get it, It just broke me, because I thought everything was ok and in that moment It just hit me, the mania, the depression, the four days dishes om the sink, the sleeping all day. So yesterday was my appoinment with my psyquiatrist and he says is the cigarrettes that are messing with the Lithium levels, and for me was Like a fucking punch in my face, because thats the last part of the old me, for me smoking cigarrettes Is a get away from reality. It may seem stupid but I feel Like i can't be me. I don't know who I am and Im loosing my battle against this freakinh disorder again.
 P.d. sorry for my english, my main thong Is spanish"
"45 years old and still failing at life  Advice Needed  Close  243  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  45 years old and still failing at life  Advice Needed  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder  and  anxiety, but it's the fucking anxiety that really gets me, when all's said and done.
 I'm 45 and I still can't get my shit together. Everything scares me. I don't know where the fuck this came from -- I used to be fairly confident, but that was 20 years ago. It's like another life. I haven't had a manic episode in years, either (I miss them.) Now, it's all anxiety, all the time... and the depression, the shame, that goes with self-sabatoge and my life falling apart.
 I've had more jobs than I can count. They start with hope and end in failure. When the anxiety comes on, I start calling out. Then, because I know people are like, ""WTF is up with her?"" I just stop showing up because I can't face anyone. Then I hate myself, the failure, the pathetic ""adult"" who can't adult. I know I'm a burden to my family because I can't seem to make steady money, so I live at home. My stepfather has nothing but disdain for the lazy adult-child who's ""taking advantage"" of my mother. My mother and father lose sleep because they think I'll end up on the streets when they're gone.
 They're probably right.
 My oldest and dearest friends (of 30 years) pity me. They're all successful in their careers, married with children. I have nothing in common with them. It makes me intensely ashamed. I can't face them, sometimes, so I don't respond to texts and calls.
 About two years ago, I started on a business venture and declared myself ""self-employed."" I hated my previous job (mostly because I was failing at it.) It was a demanding job and, like most things, it started great and went slowly downhill. I couldn't keep up. Then I was too scared to face it, my failure, and jumped ship.
 Well, the self-employment gig started, as most things do, really well. Then... well, by this time, I guess you know the drill. I started falling behind on billing. The later those invoices became, the most anxiety was associated with sending them. I didn't want to hit someone with three months of charges and fuck up their budget. Etc. So I was working with no money coming in. Then I started calling and making excuses -- lies -- for why I couldn't make it to appointments. Now I've stopped showing up because I have no more excuses to make. Clients are calling me and I just stick my head in the sand. I can't face them.
 I have episodes of self-harm and suicidal ideation -- at my age! I mean, I feel like that's the realm of far younger women. So that makes me ashamed, as well.
 I've been in hospitals. I'm under the care of a psychiatrist and counselor. I have been since I was 19. Admittedly, I did a lot of stupid things at first. I wasn't compliant with my medication. I missed appointments, etc. Finally, after a suicide attempt, I got my shit together about that, at least. Now I'm missing appointments again. I'm too scared to reschedule. I'm too scared to respond to clients who  want me back --  I mean, come  on!  I have opportunities to pull my job out of the shitter and I'm too scared to do  that. 
 I'm just fucking tired. I'm tired of being me. I have an appointment today which I know I'm going to cancel because I'm too scared to go. For no reason. So... another client lost. Another failure.
 I just. Can't.
 I get the word ""potential"" a lot -- I've gotten it all my life. I have so much  potential.  I'm smart and talented and I'm  fourty fucking five.  I've been dealing with this for so long, I'm pretty sure this is going to be the rest of my life. The only reason I don't nope the fuck out and end things is I know it would destroy my mother. She's already lost one child. I'm all that's left.
 So that's it. That's my life. Fear and despair.
 Woot.
 I can't  do  this. If I could spend the rest of my life in the safety of a hospital, I would. There, no one expects anything of me except illness. And for so many years, that's been all I am.
 So there's my confession. It's all falling apart again. There's nothing I can do to stop it.
 I'm too afraid to live. Soon, I'll be too afraid to leave the house. I'm mostly already there.
 Thanks for reading.
  
 Edit: Thank you, everyone. I'm overwhelmed by the kindness, advice, and support. I kind of thought I'd be shouting into the void. A bit of unburdening. A little catharsis. Man, was I wrong.
 You're awesome.
 (Thank you, also, to the mysterious gold-givers. That's really nice of you. Makes me encouraged as a writer and redditor.)"
Is it worth getting an OKU card for mental illness?  Close  5  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Is it worth getting an OKU card for mental illness?  I've been diagnosed with bipolar & BPD. Recently I learnt that people with mental illness can apply for the OKU card, but I actually don't know the first thing about it? I've been asked to leave two jobs because of my mental health & having the card to 'prove' it would help, & hospital fees are terribly expensive. But then again, I don't know if I'm 'bad' enough to get it, or if it'll affect my insurance plan. I've been in treatment for more than two years so I think I can get it? But I just don't know if it's worth the hassle. :(
"TIFU by making my family think I had killed myself  M  Close  318  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  TIFU by making my family think I had killed myself  M  This happened yesterday, obligatory I'm on mobile.
 Lately I've been going through a really hard time. I've always had depression and anxiety, but recently I've been diagnosed with bipolar, which has been weighing on my mind a lot. I've been in a depressive episode since Christmas, and though I've been pushing through, sometimes it's just overwhelming. It's causing me to sleep a lot more, and my wife and parents are really worried about me.
 So the day before yesterday (just realized I kinda lied a bit up top, this tifu started a bit earlier), I forgot to take my morning medicine. Forgot is not exactly the right word, I guess it's more psyched myself into thinking I might have already taken them and didn't want to double dose. So for the rest of the day I was fine-ish. As fine as I ever am. But that night I stated feeling really down. Like arms weigh a thousand pounds, don't eat dinner, can't be bothered to click ""still watching"" on Netflix down. I was thinking the usual stuff, being a waste of a human being, burden on my friends and family, wife probably secretly hates me and will leave me eventually, yada yada. I ended up sleeping on the couch in my basement (which is basically a cave).
 Next morning I woke up and I just couldn't. I called out of work, and spent the whole day on the couch feeling like a shit human being. At some point I fell asleep, with my phone on silent (usually silence it at work and forget to turn it back on).
 I wake up to my dad yelling for me. I answered that I was downstairs and he came running down to make sure I was okay. He had my mom on the phone and she was absolutely bawling. Apparently everyone was worried that I had done ""something stupid"" and my dad came over to make sure I didn't. He tried to get me to get dressed and get out of the house, but I decided to just stay there.
 I'm not gonna lie, sometimes I do think that maybe it would be better if I were just dead. But I could never do that to my family. As big of a burden as I am on them, I can't imagine hurting them that bad. I thought I had a better handle on this, but apparently I'm bad enough that everyone thinks I'm just gonna off myself. Gonna double up on my therapy, maybe see if we can switch up my meds.
 Anyway, I just needed to get that off my chest. Now I'm really curious if other people have alt accounts for their depression.
 Tl:dr- Had a depressive episode with my phone on silent and my family thought I'd killed myself.
 Edit: Thank you all so much for all your kind words and encouragement! I never expected to get this kind of response. I've read every comment so far, and I wish I had the time and energy to respond to every single one of you the way you deserve.
 I had a better day yesterday, and my wife and I discussed better ways to make sure I take my meds. We already use an app that lets her know whether I have or not. We found online some pill bottle caps that count how long it's been since the bottle was last opened, so we're going to order those and give them a try.
 Again, I can't say enough how much your responses meant. It really helps to know that people understand and are going through the same things."
"much needed advice  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  much needed advice  okay guys just wanting to see if I'm the only one that deals with this. lets start with I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for roughly 8 years. Majority of which time it has been untreated (yes, i already know terrible idea). It seems like every time I get everything under control as in Great relationship, good job, furthering my education i start to cycle out of control. I'm trying to understand why it is and if other people experience the same thing. I just cant seem to wrap my head around the fact that when I'm at my best is when my bipolar shows up with vengeance to ruin all the hard work I've put in to have a normal life. When i say cycle out of control I mean I feel like I wake up and just have a completely different look at life. Mania sets in and i just wanna change my whole life. I start wanting to explore outside my relationship, I randomly try to quit my job, I stop going to class because whats the point that is not what i wanna do anymore. Is this normal for bipolar? although I've been diagnosed for sometime I've never done the research. Is it possible to have this and have a ""normal"" life?
 Before we start in on the ""you need to be medicated "" I completely know and understand that. Starting that process soon."
"Is it my disease or do I just lack character?  Close  40  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Is it my disease or do I just lack character?  I'm don't know what to think anymore. I've been diagnosed with bipolar about a year ago and since my second psychosis I've been depressed.
 Here are some of the behaviours that make me question whether I lack character or that it's caused by my disease.
  
 -I have trouble waking up in the morning.
 Each morning I get up at around 12am even though I went to bed on time. I just hit the snooze button over and over.
 I'm on 3,5 grams of zyprexa daily so that might be a contributing factor.
  
 -Abandoning my schoolwork
 I'm in my last year of college and I have to write a dissertation. The last 2 months however I've spent oversleeping, playing videogames and watching TV. I literally have one thing to do and I can't bring myself to do it. I'm throwing away my future for some quick fixes.
  
 -Not sticking to my word
 I've gained some weight (this could also be because of the zyprexa), it's not too bad but it's definitely noticeable. Last week I measured my weight and noticed I'm 8 kilos above my goal weight. So naturally I told myself to stop eating junk food. Well yesterday when I got the chance to order some fried food I instantly went for it. Instead of resisting.
 yesterday I went out to have some drinks for the birthday of a friend. The day before I already had too much beers so I said I wasn't gonna drink alcohol. I started the night of with a soft drink but the moment my friend said let's have a beer I instantly caved...
  
 Sorry for the long post, I would just like some advice. I have a meeting with my psydoc next week and will definitly bring up these things when I see her."
"I've been diagnosed with bipolar I / manic depression for six years now. I'm also unmedicated and have been since shortly after diagnosis. If you're curious, AMA.  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  I've been diagnosed with bipolar I / manic depression for six years now. I'm also unmedicated and have been since shortly after diagnosis. If you're curious, AMA.  Probably should've mentioned this, but I'm going to bed and will be answering in the morning.
 Regardless I'm making this AMA to give my personal experience and account of the symptoms for those who might be curious about anything to do with my condition and how it effects me or my life."
"Feedback desired! I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1 schizoaffective disorder and my music is my therapy... I've made alot of it on drugs too (like your stereotypical musician lol)... But I'm curious what others think about my music! I've got 4 Soundclouds and try to keep each song/project unique :)  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  Feedback desired! I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1 schizoaffective disorder and my music is my therapy... I've made alot of it on drugs too (like your stereotypical musician lol)... But I'm curious what others think about my music! I've got 4 Soundclouds and try to keep each song/project unique :)  soundcloud.com/search...  0 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  View discussions in 1 other community  no comments yet
 Be the first to share what you think!"
"I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder for years but, I'm slowly regressing. What can I do?  Close  1  Posted by  5 months ago  I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder for years but, I'm slowly regressing. What can I do?  3 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  level 1    Moderator of r/Advice, speaking officially  Score hidden   ·    5 months ago    ·   Stickied comment  Thank you for posting your advice request! Please do your best to respond to commenters, as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice. They want to hear back from you!
 If a commenter provides advice that is helpful, please respond to the comment with the word  ""helped""  anywhere in your comment. This will give the commenter an Advice Point, which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit.
 You can respond to as many comments as you want, and we encourage it if they help you, even a little bit.
   See here for more details  I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please    contact the moderators of this subreddit    if you have any questions or concerns."
Soooo I've been diagnosed with Bipolar and i have a spending problem  Close  7  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Soooo I've been diagnosed with Bipolar and i have a spending problem  I spent 7000 dollars in 6 days and i have nothing to show for it. It made me feel good at the time, but now i feel remorseful. Can anyone relate?
What were your first symptoms and signs of bipolar? Is this normal?  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  What were your first symptoms and signs of bipolar? Is this normal?  I don't beleive I have bipolar. I have been diagnosed with Bipolar, dissociative identity disorder, c-ptsd. These were diagnosed over the last 10 years, I have seen psychiatrists etc. Recently diagnosed with ocd. Anyway what I want to know is what were the signs, I see so many things I have done and look back on and think that wasn't me I don't remember doing it or I just didn't do it. Anyway I'm extra paranoid at the moment I don't know why. Do you think you really have bipolar or do you think it's a form of control used by higher up people to drug us all up. I know I sound ridiculous but honestly it just doesn't make sense. I'm stressed out and I can't sleep and I read about schizophrenia today and it made my nerves bad because I don't want to have that but I was reading on reddit and people were saying about hearing there name, songs have meanings to me, if something happens I see it as a sign. When I listen to music I say in my head ok the next song is about me and (whoever) then I analyse the lyrics and realise I'm right and I think I'm psychic. If I have bipolar is this normal or am I heading towards being a skitzo because I can't deal with this. Sorry for the long post :)
I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, anxiety, ADHD, trauma/PTSD, and depression. I've been to inpatient twice, day treatment for almost 10 weeks now, and outpatient. I'm 16. AMA.  Close  4  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, anxiety, ADHD, trauma/PTSD, and depression. I've been to inpatient twice, day treatment for almost 10 weeks now, and outpatient. I'm 16. AMA.  I don't think many people will read this but if you've ever wondered about mental illness, disorders, or inpatient/treatment programs, I'm the one to ask!
"I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and intend to take lsd  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and intend to take lsd  Hi y'all, this is my first post here on reddit. I wish to know your perspectives on what I'm going to do.
 For almost two years I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and have been taking lithium daily. I've had 3 manic episodes during this period, all drug induced (mdma, weed and lsd) but I don't have depression( used to have when was on my 12-19) and don't have manic episodes or aggressiveness when sober or when smoking weed (I do. It 3 times a week).
 Next Saturday I have a rave to.go with some trustworthy friends. And intend to take 50 ug lsd.
 Ignore the fact that lsd and lithium can cause seizures. What do you think about that? Should I avoid doing it? Should I do only 25 ug? I really love psychedelics and they have heavily impacted my life. So I'm.in a quest to.find.out how much I can take.without triggering a manic episode. Thank you all."
I’ve been diagnosed with Bipolar II and I’m clinically depressed AMA  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I’ve been diagnosed with Bipolar II and I’m clinically depressed AMA  23 comments  share  save  hide  report  72% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   2 points   ·    1 year ago  Pardon my lack of knowledge but how can you have both bipolar and depression? From what I know, bipolar switches between manic and depressive states but depression is a more constant state of, well, depression. Not trying to offend, just curious.
It's almost been a year since I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 1  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  3  Posted by   Bipolar 1   2 years ago  Archived  It's almost been a year since I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 1  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Last January-February I had one of the worst manic episodes/psychotic breaks I've ever had. It was full blown paranoia, grandiose delusions, no sleep, and I even got to the point of hallucinations. The weird part was being able to tell that my manic state was worsening when I would openly talk about horribly personal and dark things while my volume would be so loud people could hear me across the room but I couldn't stop talking, and while I was talking the words were coming out of my mouth so fast my brain could barely process what I was even saying. I would tell myself to shut up in my head but my mouth kept going and going and I would start to get worried and confused looks from my peers and of course that made my paranoia worsen. I made myself believe that my parents were lying to me my entire life and I got into a physical altercation with my mother (we normally get along very well) at one point I got into my second story deck and was about to jump off just to see if it would do anything. I remember feelings so helpless. I slept a few hours in several days and had horribly violent thoughts. I remember thinking, "it's all or nothing, I have to get out of this mindset or else I'll end up dead" I actually thought I was going to die. I wrote down all the awful things I was thinking of one night and I can't look at the pages even now. Since I'm approaching that time of year again I have noticed more manic behavior, and I'm afraid that it'll be a repeat of last year. Luckily I'm on lithium, lamictal, and seroquel and they have helped a ton. I used to have an extra "conscious" in the back of my head with racing thoughts and it would repeat words and phrases over and over like for example: "Lipstick lipstick liiiiiiiippppstick lipsliplipsticklipstick" and that (whatever it was) has almost disappeared, also feel like I can express my emotions to those around me more. I'm so glad I got an answer to what has been going on in my brain for the past 18 years, although maybe I feel empty and I'm not perfect by any means l, I feel like a puzzle piece has been set into place and i just need to find the other pieces to it. I would go in depth more about the manic episode but it's too painful to think about right now. Please wish me luck in the new year and let's hope I don't have another bad episode in the coming months, thank you for reading this, I just wanted to write down that experience and how it affected me, and I want to believe I'm a better person because of it. I still struggle everyday with mood swings, insomnia, delusions (to an extent ) Dissociation, and a few more things. Sorry that this is so long, I really thought it would be good to get it out. It's a terrible memory from last year but I feel the need to air it out.
I've been diagnosed with bipolar, borderline personality disorder, OCD, PTSD and general anxiety disorder. I'm also a recovering drug addict and alcoholic AMA.  Close  19  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I've been diagnosed with bipolar, borderline personality disorder, OCD, PTSD and general anxiety disorder. I'm also a recovering drug addict and alcoholic AMA.  I'm 27 years old. I was diagnosed 2 years ago. When I got my diagnosis my entire life made sense. I am relieved to know what's wrong with me so I can get help.
"It's been two years since I [21 M] and my now-ex-girlfriend [20 F] broke up. Since then I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and haven't made any progress with regards to moving on. Advice?  Breakups  Close  4  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  It's been two years since I [21 M] and my now-ex-girlfriend [20 F] broke up. Since then I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and haven't made any progress with regards to moving on. Advice?  Breakups  For 20 months my ex-girlfriend and I were together. We moved to another city to attend college together at a prestigious university. One month into our first semester she broke things off with me, claiming she wanted to experience life while she was still young (to live the ""college life,"" as she put it). One month later I find out she's seeing someone; they've now been together almost as long as her and I were. Now I've found out she's engaged to this guy.
  Since the break-up, I've been diagnosed with and am currently taking medication for bipolar disorder, with moderate success. However, occasionally I'll suffer sleepless nights wondering what went wrong and what I could have done to save our relationship. I feel nothing but visceral, passionate anger whenever I think about her. But, in spite of that, every few months I'll break down and sob into the waning hours of the night feeling like horse shit.
   tl;dr : It's been two years since my break-up. Diagnosed with and currently taking medication for bipolar disorder, with moderate success. Still haven't made any progress, however, in regards to accepting everything."
"Spirituality and bipolar disorder  Enlightenment  Close  2  Posted by  3 days ago  Spirituality and bipolar disorder  Enlightenment  Recently, I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I was wondering if anyone else has had this impact their spirituality as I have, and what solutions you've found for the highs and lows. It's been so difficult to try to maintain a high vibration while being so unbearably depressed one moment, then so overly happy and excitable. I know for sure I need to meditate more, but I'm also starting to feel like the only way I can help maintain a consistent, or at least, predictable, mood is to be on medication.
 If any of you have gone through the same thing, it would mean a lot to me to understand how you've gotten through it. It makes me feel hopeless some days. Then others, I feel like I can accomplish the world. How do you maintain stability?
 Thank you so much in advance for any advice."
Any advice for diagnosis process  Close  4  Posted by  23 days ago  Any advice for diagnosis process  I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1 with psychosis as well as other physical and mental issues (comorbidities are evil). Since I've been getting way less stable I've been paying more attention to my mental health, talking to more people, just in general doing what I can to help myself. After talking to people in a bipolar group and reading more about it, plus hearing about schizoaffective for the first time and researching it, I realized it is likely that and not bipolar. My two bipolar diagnoses were really fast and based only on the fact that I was manic and have been suicidal. My latest psych team wasn't sure. I know schizo- something has been brought up by my doctors in the past but I honestly blocked out the rest of the conversation and I think I probably threw a fit. All that is to say that I'm not coming from nowhere. I know that I more classically fit schizoaffective than bipolar. I am going to a new, hopefully more organized psych practice and hope to talk to whoever my new doctor ends up being about it.  But my question is, how were you diagnosed? Did anyone get diagnosed by bringing it up themselves? I don't want to diagnose myself. I want to talk to a doctor about it but, especially due to medical trauma, I really don't want to be dismissed.
"Empaths vs. diagnosis  Sharing Thread  Close  2  Posted by  5 days ago  Empaths vs. diagnosis  Sharing Thread  Hi!
 I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder a couple years ago and through some readings I've heard about Empaths and it felt so right... I've been reading about it since and it fits me so well I got chills.. The symptoms that lead me to the diagnosis are the same as an Empath who struggle with stress factor, crowd and everything,.. etc
 And it came to me as, they are not used to those type of person so they put a label as Mentally Ill..
 Would be the cure to the cry of our souls? Get grounded ? would it be it? The answer of all our problems as Emotional Intelligent People?
  
 I now truly believe I'm more an Empty than anything else...
 Did some thing similar happen to you in the past or present ?
 Thnx for the read (:"
"Psychosis when Manic  General  Close  3  Posted by  25 days ago  Psychosis when Manic  General  Hey,
 I was just diagnosed with bipolar and had some questions. I went to my doctor initially because I thought I had schizophrenia. After a while, they said that I've been diagnosed with bipolar with psychotic features.
 I dont know that I agree with their assessment from what they say my symptoms should be, particularly the mania. I dont think I have ever experienced mania but I definitely had psychosis.
 Does anyone have experience where ones mania is just psychotic thinking? I dont think I experienced an elevated mood or any of the typical symptoms and my first bout with psychosis is what led to this diagnosis.
 Side note: I dont think I'm getting adequate treatment and will be looking for a new doctor soon.
 Thank you!"
"[NO SPOILERS] I FUCKING HATE BEN DAVIS!  Discussion  Close  1  Posted by  9 days ago  [NO SPOILERS] I FUCKING HATE BEN DAVIS!  Discussion  I get that he's not a likeable character in part due to his medical condition. I mean, I have been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder and it could be me hating the television representation of bipolar. Maybe it's because Ruth doesn't understand the conditon and is biased towards Ben. Maybe it's because Ben fucks up things more. But regardless, I wish he hadn't been a part of series.
 Rant over."
Back into debt  Advice  Close  1  Posted by   Rapid Cycling   4 months ago  Back into debt  Advice  Hello there!  I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 3 years ago. I take Wellbutrin XL, topamax and lithium. I have declared bankruptcy this year due to mania 2 years prior, long story. It was done in August. Around November i lost my job due to an injury outside work. Around the same time, I was having unwanted side effects with ny medications, therefore stopping them. I started getting payday loans to recover, which i ended up with several. I feel this was out of desperation due to getting unemployed and or being off meds?
"Overwhelmed and feeling like I've failed...  Vent  Close  3  Posted by  27 days ago  Overwhelmed and feeling like I've failed...  Vent  I'm the person who already puts others first before myself. Foolishly I signed a lease for my homeless mother and my six younger siblings. With the understanding she would sign the lease in her name within a week or so.
 She's homeless but she has a job just can't sign a lease on her own due to bad credit and several evictions. I have three children and a depressed husband who doesn't work.
 I'm floating two households on $60k a year. I'm officially filing for bankruptcy because I can't do it anymore. I feel like I've failed.
 Trying to make sure my children have the gymnastics, swimming, tennis lessons. My mil helps pay for swimming and tennis thankfully. I most certainly never had these luxuries growing up. I had to be the mother to my other 12 siblings which is fucked up.
 My mom kept having child after child up until I turn 18. I cut off communication from 18-20.5 ish and only connected back with her after  I had a miscarriage and needed a mother to comfort me. But little did I know it was more for a cash grab than anything.
 I helped her pay her rent and other expenses she had because I felt bad for being a hellion teen. I've been taking care of her for a fucking decade. I kept thinking we'll maybe she will change. Nope, maybe my husband will change, nope. I've been diagnosed with bipolar and I'm also suffering from PPD.
 I've kept my diagnosis in check by going to therapy every other week instead of taking the meds. I feel taken advantage of between my mother and husband. I'm taking care of 10+ people. My husband wouldn't work before COVID19 and I can't expect him to risk his life now either by getting a job. So I realize the fallacy there.
 I feel so alone and I'm spinning out of control trying to keep my shit together. WFH is difficult with three children and homeschooling. The husband expects me to help with the schooling matters plus parent and work!
 I'm so overwhelmed as is every other person in the world. People are dying and I'm pissed because I let two people take advantage of me and I don't know how to gain control again. I'm 29 and filing for bankruptcy. Taking care of two grown ass adults and 7-9 child between both households.
 My grandfather wants me to come to Texas but he's far too social and will not listen to the shelter in place orders so that's a no for me. Especially with my kiddos being ages 9mo, 3.5, 7 I can't risk them being exposed to COVID19 with how social he is.
 Wtf do I do ughhhhhhh"
Should i be worried?  HELP  Close  1  Posted by  16 days ago  Should i be worried?  HELP  I've been diagnosed with bipolar I and anxiety. Should i be worried na dapat tama ginagawa ko lagi? Lalo na sa kamay. Dapat right or left depende sa feel ko. Example dapat right ipangbukas ko ng gamit. Dapat din sa left ako dadaan kunyari. Pag di ko siya nasunod bumibigat dibdib ko at masakit. Nafeel ko na naman to dati pero walang bigat sa dibdib unlike ngayon. Dahil ba to sa ecq o anxiety lang talaga? Walang online consultation doctor ko. Please help ilang araw ko na tong iniisip. Need help din kung pano iwasan to idk who to ask for help na.
"Hallucinations?  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   4 days ago  Hallucinations?  I wasn't sure where to ask about this, I feel like it might be something silly so I don't want to go to my parents. I'm 15, female, and 5'7, but I doubt my height has anything to do with this. Recently, I've been hallucinating.. Or at least that's what I think it is. Most of the time I see bugs on the ground or on the wall when they aren't there, and once I saw a person walk by me who wasn't there.  I'm making this post because just today I walked outside for a couple seconds, then walked back in and saw tiny bright moving spots. Like fireflies but smaller. I looked up stuff about hallucinating and it says those with Bipolar Disorder may experience auditory hallucinations, and I've been diagnosed with Bipolar so that may have something to do with it..? Then again, it only mentioned auditory hallucinations, and I've only had visual ones. I don't take any medicine or drugs, no prescriptions. So, I'm wondering..What is this? [Sorry if this post is poorly written or nonsensical, I don't feel like proof-reading lmao]
 edit: Here's something that might give some more context. I used to live in a disgusting small apartment infested with all sorts of bugs, I'm not exaggerating. I would go out in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and what looked to be maybe 30-50 cockroaches would scatter. It was the lowest point in my life, living there. My depression (diagnosed) piqued and I just wasn't in a good place. I'm wondering if it's related to what I'm experiencing now. Also a addition: My sleep schedule is mostly healthy, I go to bed at around 8pm-11am and wake up around 8am-11pm."
"Bipolar I and Obsessive Love/Crushes  General  Close  6  Posted by  17 days ago  Bipolar I and Obsessive Love/Crushes  General  Hello there, I'm new here but need some advice...
 So, I've been diagnosed with Bipolar I and am 21 years old. I just want to know if anyone else has this or if it's not to do with Bipolar.
 I tend to get obsessed with men/boys very easily. I had a 4 year relationship where I was obsessed (especially towards the end) with my other half and when we broke up that sent me into a depressive episode and then a manic episode (which confirmed my diagnosis). I get obsessed with everyone I am seeing and even more so when it ends.
 Is it like an obsessive love/crush. Is it part of bipolar or just something that I have manifested on my own? Thanks x x x"
Wondering if I should apply for ssi or ssdi but to severe bipolar disorder  Discussion  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  Wondering if I should apply for ssi or ssdi but to severe bipolar disorder  Discussion  Hi! So I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for 8 years. I've managed to work off and on since then but never applied for disability bc I would like to continue working in whatever way I can. I'm only 38. I've researched the difference but am still confused. I need the extra support bc I can only work part time now. Any suggestions?
"Physical feelings associated with my Bipolar 2 episodes  Close  7  Posted by  1 month ago  Physical feelings associated with my Bipolar 2 episodes  I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 2 for several years, and I've managed to live comfortably without medication for the majority of that time. It's very easy for me to tell when I slip into depression or hypomania because I get genuine physical sensations that make it abundantly clear.
 When I'm manic, I feel a pressure in my upper abdomen. Almost like my heart is trying to jump out of my chest, or as if I have some energy that's lifting me up and motivating me to be active.
 When I'm depressed, I feel that same pressure but in the pit of my stomach. Instead of lifting me up, it feels like it weighs me down and pulls energy from me.
 Just wondering if others experience similar physical attributes that they associate with different BP episodes, and if so, what do they feel like for you?"
I've lost 22 pound in about two months but why?  Close  1  Posted by  7 days ago  I've lost 22 pound in about two months but why?  18F and Asian, I've been diagnosed with bipolar II disorder, panic disorder and ADHD. I've recently made a switch on my medication from taking prozac and  risperidone to just taking vraylar. I'm currently not in a depressive episode neither a hypomanic episode I've been stable for about 5 months. Recently I've been having constant chest pain, head aches, a constant feeling of hunger although I do eat, thirst/dehydration although all I drink is water, my body is very fatigued and I feel shaky (maybe it's due to my ADHD medication, methylphenidate but it shouldn't be as I've taken this for years). I was about 138 two months ago but currently I weigh 116, could it be weight loss due to the switch of my medication or could it be something more serious?
"Day 7!  Close  15  Posted by  1 month ago  Day 7!  Disclaimer: this is only my second day on reddit so I hope I don't get post blocked for posting/commenting too frequently!
 Just want to give an update, as it helps me. I got about 4 hours of sleep last night, which was more than I've been getting so I'm grateful for that! It's also getting easier and easier to get going in the mornings, so that's a blessing.
 I did take my morning 4 gs of green vein to get me going so there's that. I really don't want to become dependent on kratom to feel normal/happy so after I'm done with the 3 ounces I have left I don't want to get any more. O e thing that scares me though is what I've read about the paws. I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression, and was getting high just to feel happy so I think that's going to be my biggest challenge. I have some 500mg dlpa Caps coming today so I'm hoping that will help with the depression once I get through these wds. I'm not too familiar with dlpa or the dosing, so if anyone has any tips for me I would greatly appreciate it!
 Well I've spent the first hour of my work day on reddit so I better get to it! Lol just wanted to reach out cause you all have helped me more than you know! Reddit has been so great with letting me get all this off my chest and realize I don't have to do this alone, so thank you all! I appreciate and value every one of you, and I hope everyone has a great day, thank you for listening!<3"
"What do I do?  Close  8  Posted by  1 month ago  What do I do?  My girlfriend of almost 2 years broke up with me a few days ago, and I can't help but feel responsible for it. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for some time now, and it's pretty easy to see that just from being around me for a while. I don't know if any of you know, but outbursts are common, especially with cases where the disorder is extreme and there are no medications being taken.
 I haven't taken medication for over 6 years now, mostly because they usually had pretty shitty side effects, like lack of energy, loss of appetite, and ironically, emotional swings. Fast forward to now, and things aren't looking too good. With all the things going on in the world right now, the whole coronavirus thing, state going on lockdown, and for me, my high school graduation potentially being cancelled. All of these things aren't making me particularly stable, much less with the outbursts, which have occured a number of times recently.
 Like I can't help it, i really can't. It got to the point where she even called me abusive, manipulative, and a liar during my outbursts. I can't control how I act very easily, it's almost like I'm a completely different person, or I'm not even in control of my own body anymore. She gave up on me because she thought I couldn't put in the effort to better myself, which I wholeheartedly was trying, I was just hoping to have some of my fears for greater help to be lessened.
 I've been too scared to get professional help mostly because of bad experiences as a kid, and I'm to scared to get medication again because of how the old ones made me feel. She promised me so many times that she'd help me and never give up on trying to help me, but my problems pushed her away. She's given me so many chances and I've failed her every time. I still want to love her, I can't see myself being with another person. I don't want to make every great memory we had a bad one, I don't want to be reminded of what used to be when I look at the gifts she got me.
 I just want my baby back. But I'll never have her again, she doesn't want to go through that pain anymore. I pushed it to this point because of my problems that I was to scared to fix. I can't see myself going on anymore. I've told her that if it wasn't for her coming into my life that I'd be dead, and I really meant that, but now, I feel like that's what's going to end up happening. She already told both our families, and I doubt they'd be happy to see us back together.
 I didn't even get to tell her I loved her one last time. I couldn't even make myself hold her. I've said so many things I regret so much. I've done so many things I just hate myself for. But there's no hope in trying again. I know she goes through this subreddit sometimes, and I won't be surprised if she sees this again, but I'm sure she'll just think it's more manipulation at this point. It's all my fault. Isn't it?"
Should I ask my doctor if I might be sociopathic  Close  4  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Should I ask my doctor if I might be sociopathic  Hello you beautiful people, after I have been diagnosed with Bipolar II, I‘ve been doing research on mental illnesses and I came across Antisocial Personality Disorder and found some things I saw myself doing: Like using people for my benefit and disregarding their feelings (but still feeling bad afterwards). It really came to me after I talked with some peers about working in a care home for old people with dementia and I, the stupid idiot that I am, said that I wouldn’t mind working there because after some point, I’d just see them as meatbags I had to care for. I realized, how much I don’t care for others or see them as humans, as long as I am profiting. But I‘m not sure if I am deliberately manipulating people, it sometimes just happens. Also compulsive lying (my father even told me, I do that). So should I ask my doctor about it? (I‘m sorry if this reads like I am a massive cunt, but it’s a serious issue for me)
Read my notes on my eight years of therapy and...  General  Close  5  Posted by   Bipolar 1   22 days ago  Read my notes on my eight years of therapy and...  General  They have me listed as bipolar II when I've been diagnosed with bipolar I by my psychiatrist for over seven years. I believe I gave my therapist's office an ROI for my psychiatry paperwork, but I'm unsure now. I've definitely had manic episodes, first full one at eighteen, and my psychiatrist has seen me manic. I was going to bring it up w my therapist today but I forgot. I guess I'm just bitching but I'm really confused... Has anyone else run into something similar? Any advice?
"Not sure if my mum is a narcissist and it's taken me 27 years to realise?  [Advice Request]  Close  5  Posted by  1 month ago  Not sure if my mum is a narcissist and it's taken me 27 years to realise?  [Advice Request]  I'll try be brief but I want to give full context, and I apologise in advance for formatting as I'm on mobile.
 Basically, I've been diagnosed with bipolar type II since the age of about 12. It was really bad as a teen, and I often lashed out at my mum. I love her to bits, but she became my literal punching bag. My bipolar has eased in adulthood but is still quite rocky, and I've recently decided to try natural remedies as the pharma was making me feel so sick on top of everything else. I've talked it through with my therapist, and I will be fine.
 I always received treatment for my issues. My dad is a medical professional with about 6 uni qualifications, some in psychology, so we were always proactive with getting me the help I needed. I'm grateful for that. I'm 27 and still live at home with my husband, and my parents support me unconditionally. They pay for my therapy, bad spending habits (I'm getting better), and private health insurance.
 My mum is an alcoholic and I've always chalked up her toxic behaviour to this. She tells everyone I'm friends with how dangerous and horrible I am. I've learnt to prewarn people of my condition and warn them of what my mum will say. I haven't laid a hand on her in ten years. I'm not defending my actions and I take full responsibility for being a difficult child, and in turn, a difficult adult - but my symptoms are nowhere near as severe as they used to be.
 A few weeks ago I confessed to my mum that I wanted to die. She told me to go ahead and do it, and I've never felt so heartbroken in my life. I will never forget how sincere she was. I'm glad my husband witnessed it, because she denied it moments later. If he wasn't there, I probably would've convinced myself that I imagined her saying it. She said her reasoning is that paramedics say that, which my therapist says isn't true but I don't want to test the waters with my dad (he's amazing but has a short temper and bad patience). I told her even if that were true, she does not have the ability or training to save lives like my dad does.
 She often says horrible things and then denies it. She has always made me out to be the only problem at home, even though she is a full-blown alcoholic (she falls over, hurts herself, passes out, and I try to take care of her but it's so hard when all I get is negative feedback - I don't do much, I just makes sure she eats and drinks water). She admits to being an alcoholic, and she's functional and still holds a job, but it's definitely an issue. Her new issue is that I've weaned off my meds, and she keeps saying my husband has no right to an opinion because he didn't raise me and didn't know me at my worst. I keep trying to explain that bipolar presents itself at its worst during hormonal changes (puberty and pregnancy, for example). I have an IUD and there's a slim chance I will have an unwanted pregnancy, and would qualify for an abortion based on medical grounds if I were to fall pregnant. (Not saying that'll be easy, but it'd be easier than an unplanned pregnancy when I can't sacrifice my mental well-being and literally cannot afford a child.)
 When I was 17, my paternal uncle sat me down and said to me, ""We know you're not the problem, it's her and her drinking, and we don't think you're a bad person. We love you."" and I cried so hard and had never even thought anyone would understand. But at the same time I thought that things happen whilst she's sober, too, and I guess I chalked it up to her being hungover or something.
 The last time I hit her, she was sober, and she got in my face. I pushed her away and warned her not to get close, but she came closer, nose to nose, and yelled. I don't remember the words she used, but I saw red and I hurt her badly, and for once I didn't black out. I felt horrible, and my sister beat me up pretty bad for it, and I just let her lay into me because I deserved it. I haven't laid a hand on her since. This was either over ten years ago or nearing ten years ago. I've been pretty docile since. Most people who know me know that I hate confrontation and won't even speak up if I have an issue.
 I thought I'd recognise if my mum was a narcissist, though. I was in a DV relationship some years ago, and he was a textbook narcissist, but I always made excuses for him. He was definitely less toxic than my own mother, so how bad could he be, really? At least he sometimes realised that he was the issue, which was more than my mum ever did.
 I told my mum about what my uncle had said, and she accused me of lying, saying that she would call him and ask. I said go ahead, because I'm being truthful. Worst case, he forgot he said that, but I doubt that because we didn't often have heart to hearts. My sister also used to say that I was better off without meds, and my mum accused me of making that up, too.
 My maternal grandfather was a dick, probably a narcissist too, but I never met him. He abused my mum, and her mum died when she was 15 and she had to take on the house duties. He would throw the dinner at the wall if it was a second too early or too late. She said training for the army was like a holiday camp compared to living with him. I guess I just always chalk it up to her having her own, more legitimate trauma. It's hard to know the truth as her family doesn't talk about him, but I definitely do believe her side of the story. She often gets nasty and says that dealing with me is like having her old man back in her life. Maybe he had bipolar that was undiagnosed given the era.
 She gets really nasty, and preys on my weaknesses. I currently run my own little business basically doing virtual assistant and graphic design work, and every dollar I make, I hand straight to my dad for supporting me. I keep none for myself (they don't like grocery shopping so they lend me the credit card to do all that myself). My whole job is computer based and I've been using the same laptop for about 4 years. Luckily it's a pretty good one and still runs all the programs I need. Mum refuses to let me use the spare room as an office, even though I could earn more if I did. And we never have guests because of my mum's alcoholism anyway. It feels completely spiteful, but she just tells me I'm a spoilt bitch and I need to get used to not getting everything I want. I do plan to move out, and that office would help so much, but she won't budge. I know it's mean of me, but I think I'll just convert it one day whilst she's at work.
 She constantly brings up the total tally of how much I've cost them past the age of 18. I get made to feel horrible every time I fuel up my car and drive to a friend's place, or every time I buy a drink or a chocolate bar or anything inessential. If she gets her alcohol and cigarettes, why is it so bad that I get a Pepsi? Am I being unreasonable considering I'm trying to help with finances as much as I possibly can?
 I also get made to feel bad every time I bring up the fact that I have a chronic illness. Up until recently, I was vomiting daily because of some meds, and I'm fatigued constantly. Unfortunately mental illness translates sometimes to being physically unwell, and I feel like no one understands. I ask my husband to do everything for me, and she always rants about how I treat him like a slave. I remind her that our vows included ""in sickness and in health"" and she doesn't accept it. I also tell her that it's our relationship and she has no right to comment unless he's in danger, and I'm sure me asking him to bring me a string cheese doesn't put him in danger.
 There's more, and feel free to ask questions, but I'm running out of juice (yay, sleepless nights and insomnia). I just don't know what to make of it. I was ranting to a fellow bipolar friend who suggested narcissism and checking out this sub. I figure it's worth a shot, even if just to understand my mum a bit more.
 Unfortunately moving out isn't an option as I wouldn't be able to support myself. My husband is American and we live in Australia, so he doesn't have working rights until his visa is approved.
 Thank you if you read all of this. I really appreciate it. I'll try my best to be honest and unbiased when answering any questions.
 Tl;Dr : my mum makes me out to be the problem constantly and preys on my weaknesses. I'm wondering if she's a narcissist."
I cannot fucking believe it  Meme  Close  18  Posted by    14    2 months ago  I cannot fucking believe it  Meme  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, it's bullshit. But hey let's look on the bright side, at least I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder
"I was put on Lithium on the 31st of January. I'm trying to he patient considering the doctors said loads of people say they get their life back after being on lithium. But I've been spiralling badly the past fortnight and I dont know what to do.  General  Close  3  Posted by  1 month ago  I was put on Lithium on the 31st of January. I'm trying to he patient considering the doctors said loads of people say they get their life back after being on lithium. But I've been spiralling badly the past fortnight and I dont know what to do.  General  I have already called the crisis team, mental health outpatients and my psychologist, everyone is saying I just need to stick to it and it will all get better. I made an attempt on my life again two days ago, because it really isnt getting better. I'm not feeling like I'm progressing. I'm just getting worse and I'm scared. My partner is my world and I have a zoo of a house. My snakes live to up to 30 so I HAVE to keep fighting this fight for them. But, seriously. When I'm fine, I'm golden, but the tiniest thing can change my mood. When I get upset that's when there are high chances of me having a bad episode. I hate myself when I do loose control because I swear to god it's like being a fly on the wall in my own head. I can see what I'm doing, I can hear the poison I'm spitting at my partner and I'm trying to calm myself down telling myself I'm overreacting and i need to calm down etc. Nothing works. Grounding myself, i cant even walk away because i know as soon as I'm alone I will attack myself because theres nobody else around. I've been diagnosed with Bipolar officially this year and god knows how long I have been unaware of the depth of my problems in my head. There had been mention of anti psychotics if my episodes dont subside. Surely that means it isnt to do with the Bipolar? Idk though. This is all new and confusing to me. In all honesty my mental health was covered up from a young age. My parents did the whole ""theres nothing wrong with you. You're fine."" And ""remember to say this to the doctors"" so me being me, listened to my parents and unknowingly fucked my own head up even more. It was only because I moved out I could finally adress my issues head on without lying. Within 4 months i was referred to the mental health outpatients.
 Rambling over, is there anything I can do to help myself? I just dont know what to do to stop myself going down that route. Thanks in advance."
"Is this hypomania or is life just so good again?  General  Close  5  Posted by  2 months ago  Is this hypomania or is life just so good again?  General  I've been veeery depressed for a while and I've been going through some awful stuff lately.
 Yesterday I suddenly felt ME again! I got myself back after being so dependent on someone who was so toxic! And now I'm ME again and I feel soooo goooood!!!
 But I can't help but think... is this just my hypomania kicking in? I wouldn't mind to be honest cause it feels so good. Life is good again!
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar type 2 just recently and I'm not on meds yet cause they said it's mild. I also have BPD by the way.
 Anyway, I CAN sleep! I actually get tired and sleepy sometimes... I just don't want to! I'm probably also trying to trigger some good mood and since I know that sleeping always gets me depressed, I'm trying to sleep less maybe (?). Yesterday night I also had pressured speech and I hated when people tried to get words in cause they spoke so slowly and my mind was racing and I needed so much to get the words out! But I didn't feel paranoia at all and I'm also pretty chill and relaxed right now, I think I'm fine!
 Edit to add: I feel waves of happiness and energy. They hit hard at first and then go away slowly, only to come back and hit again! It feels amazing to be honest and my heart is racing
 Edit2: ok my mind is screaming at me right now, but I'm sitting still on my comfy chair just keeping track of what's going on inside of me!
 Do you think I should still talk to my doc about it?"
"Help please  Close  4  Posted by  1 month ago  Help please  My now ex wife cheated on me and lied to me and ran off with my daughter. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I lost my job because i was arrested driving my drunk girlfriend home and the tire on her car blew out in the freeway. I wasn't drunk but was arrested for a dui because the cop lied and said i refused a blood test. Dealing with all the stress has kept me in a pretty depressed state lately and my gf decided she was done with dealing with me and my court stuff and broke up with me.
 I have no money, no job, my student loans are in default so i can't go back to school. The only reason me and my now ex gf survived was because her dad pretty much paid our rent. It took her a year to finally see a therapist and psychiatrist that she had talked about since i met her.
 I'm just having a really hard time seeing any reason to keep fighting and trying to go on."
"AITA for having my mom leave before she gets her disability?  Not the A-hole  Close  5  Posted by  3 months ago  AITA for having my mom leave before she gets her disability?  Not the A-hole  So quick backstory me (28 F) has been financially helping my mom for the past ten years. My stepdad is/will always be a piece of shit that has mentally and physically abused her and the girls.The last two years her (49 F) and my two younger sisters (7) and (12) have been living with me. Now she watches my son (4) after school and at other times I need her. I've been dealing with a lot of things emotionally have been irate as of this last year. Dealing with the constant financial stress and my younger sisters issues have taken a toll and seeped into my work life. So as of November i told her I can't wait anymore and need to focus on me and my son. I'm giving her my tax return so she can find a place, should be about $10,000. And in june when my lease is up im moving back in with my dad so I can recover financially and go back to school.
 Today I snapped at her when unloading all the kids and she goes off on me saying she fears that I'm going to get physical with her and my sisters. Noted I don't use any room expect my own and yes in the last couple months I have slammed my door or hit the wall not in front of the kids just in my room. And as of late I've been diagnosed with bipolar type 2.
 So as of tonight she says she'll still watch my son, but she's afraid of me is how she basically put it. And shit on me for ""kicking her out"". Which she told the younger girls and words it that way. Her disability was just denied and she has to reapply. This initial one in my state took 2 years. Am I the asshole for needing to think of me and my son first?"
"Psychosis or something else?  Close  17  Posted by  4 months ago  Psychosis or something else?  So I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2. I've been on meds for 6 months. It's gone great. It's made me stable. However, I recently started getting what I think is disassociation episodes and hallucinations. I felt like I was in a dream, like things weren't real, and that I wasn't present in my body. That was the first episode. Then yesterday, I was lying in bed, and started spacing out. But this time I had vivid visual hallucinations. Tunnel vision, blurred vision, everything warping and moving and insanely vivid colours. During this I was almost catatonic. Lay completely still. Wasn't sure what happened. I am going to take it up with my therapist, but I just want to know if anyone has experienced this, what it may be, and it it's normal to experience this.
 I also do have borderline personality disorder. If it changes anything. Thanks for reading"
"Help for an empath suffering from compassion fatigue  Support Thread  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  Help for an empath suffering from compassion fatigue  Support Thread  I've been working with animals since I was 11. Started with just dog walking at a shelter to being a head trainer there, then working in vet clinics as an assistant for 8 years. I've felt so much pain and fear and suffering over the years and it put me in the hospital because I was about to make a very bad decision to escape it.
 I'm in therapy, I've been diagnosed with bipolar type two and am finally on meds that work. I need to be with animals again. I need to. But just walking around the absolutely amazing no kill shelter we have in my town brought back everything. And every dog was throwing emotions at me left and right and I wanted to listen to them all, but it was drowning.
 I used to be able to close and open the ""empath door"" at will. And I can't anymore. But I have no one to teach me how to properly filter the emotions and heal. Does anyone know of a way to practice this? Or maybe a YouTube meditation/empath user who's good? I want my life back. I want to be able to use this ability in a healthy way again and do more with it."
"My relationship is an emotional roller coast and now he wants counseling.  Close  2  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  My relationship is an emotional roller coast and now he wants counseling.  We’ve been together for a few years now, and our relationship has always been weird to me. It wasn’t supposed to turn into a long term relationship.
 Some background about both of us: I struggle with and have been diagnosed with bipolar depression and extreme social anxiety. I grew up with a verbally abusive stepfather who constantly put me down and was with a verbally and sexually abusive partner for 2 years. I have since gone through recovery and therapy, but tend to go into a defensive state and become sometimes emotionally irrational when I feel threatened.
 I believe he struggles from depression and anxiety, but he has never been evaluated by a doctor or therapist for these things. He has had multiple relationships, but from the little bit that I know about them... he feels as though he has been back stabbed by everyone he has been with.
 We both live and breath video games... from jobs, to past times, to conventions. That's our life.
 We’d been together for a few months when we got into a fight on Christmas while I was with family. We were talking online in a chat group. I was complaining about something taking too long to achieve, and he called me a spoiled brat and tole me he was sick of me, that all I did was bitch and moan, and that I only wanted him for sex. He told me to bring his car back and pack my stuff and get out. I tried to tell him that wasn't true and explained some things that I liked about him, and he continued to tell me that I was a liar and using him. I gave in and brought back his car and moved my things out. That night he sent me a text telling me he loved me and he was sorry. This was the first time he’d told me he loved me.. and I went back a week later.
 Fast forward 6 months, An argument started over me playing a game without him. I'll need to go into a little background here. Our relationship was build around a gaming community. We had a group of friends that we played with. That was was we did for fun. Tried out new games, played games together, etc. I don't remember what this argument was about - probably about me not wanting to do things with him-, but it resulted in us yelling at each other. At one point he told me that I was just backstabbing him like everyone else he has ever been with and that he never should have trusted me because I'm just a bitch. At this point, I remember shutting down and telling him fine and packing my things and leaving.
 After this things got good for a while, we argued occasionally - mostly small bickering and things were going well until they weren't.
 Fast forward another year and it happens again, exactly how it had the time before. We were arguing over not being able to enjoy a game together, because this is what we spent most of our time doing. Now I feel like an idiot. I left with no fight and felt like I was done. About a month later, I don’t remember what all went into it... but I went back.
 Things got better again, but I started to notice weird things. We didn't go out anymore. We tried going out to a restaurant once, but I ended up ordering are food to go because he was getting very uncomfortable. Getting snappy about things, his answers on what he wanted were short. Saying he didn't want to be there. No matter what we went out to do, there was an argument afterwards. If I asked him to stop by the store, there were reasons why he didn't want to. Over this time, I lost my job, and things actually got better again for a while. As soon as I started working again, things went down hill. We argued over what game we were going to play, how we treated each other during the games. I was upset because he either treated me like I didn't know how to do anything, or would yell at me when I wasn't good enough. I would get upset when he treated me like I didn't know what I was doing. I was also upset that I wasn't getting as much physical attention as I wanted. Around this time, he told me it was because I was fat and he wasn't sexually attracted to me... so it was hard. He eventually apologized, and I still continued to be sad or upset or complain that I wasn't getting enough. He started getting upset about his job. When I got a job in a new branch, he started getting more upset. I was moved into a position we both wanted. He'd get upset that he worked hard too, why wasn't he getting recognized. I tried giving advice, like I asked around until I heard about a position I wanted, and then I started reaching out and trying to actively get myself into that position. He told me that he wouldn't suck up to the bosses, and that his hard work should be enough.
 Our relationship continues, we continue to fight. Sometimes arguments last for days. I’m depressed. He’s depressed. Through this time, we both agreed it was best he quit his job for the company we both worked for due to some personal issues. Money was hard, but we were managing. He started another job, but eventually moved to a job that paid much better. It was a very hard job mentally and physically. Around this time, things between us got serious. He wanted more from our relationship, and I thought I did too. I brought him to family event, which ended with him accusing a cousin's new boyfriend that he was a cheat and coward (over a card game). It was then that I realized I was embarrassed to bring him about my family because of his attitude. He eventually got hurt and wasn't able to work the job anymore.
 He started falling into a dark depression where he would insult me. Call me stupid for being with him, etc. Tell me I wasn't supportive enough. I would argue back, I hit a point where I wasn't nice anymore. I got upset, and would tell him he was being mean and irrational. And we'd argue about how we were treating each other. He would  apologize sometimes and tell me that it's because he felt worthless because he couldn't work. I'd tell him, that was okay and that he should focus on getting and feeling better so he could apply for jobs. Tell him I didn't care about him not working, I cared about his emotional and mental state. Things would be good for a day, and the next was back to the same cycle. I started getting distant. I talked to a couple people who knew my bad and emotional habits and eventually came to the decision to leave.
 When I left, he told I was “betraying him”. Told me I left him because he doesn’t make any money and because he got hurt. He accused me of cheating on him. Then tells me I should just leave him alone forever because he’s worthless. Since then, our “relationship” has just been a mess. A repeat of us arguing over how I'm upset over the way he's treated me, and him telling me that I'm not support of his issues. I haven’t lived with him in a couple months, and only seen him a handful of times. We’ve said hateful things...
 And now he wants relationship counseling. He says he doesn't want me to leave. I don’t know what to do. My gut tells me to leave but for some stupid reason some part of me says try, because I do still love him. Some how...
 TLDR, my boyfriend and I have broken up multiple times over the years and argue often. Now he wants relationship counseling...
 Do I just quit or should I try?
 Edit: For clarification, I added more detail about the arguments and our mental state."
"Switching?  Close  25  Posted by  4 months ago  Switching?  Kinda long post, so you're all advised xD I'll be super grateful if you read it all, even tho I don't get any advice. I just wanna express myself  Hello lovely creatures! Name's Ari (F30). I'm not diagnosed, but since I was very young I've felt like I had more selves (..?). And my mom has notice some things as I grew up, as well. I've written about it on my journal for a bit, and so far I know of 5. I don't consider myself to have DID, since I don't get the intense amnesia. For the record, I've been diagnosed with Bipolar 2 comorbid w/ BPD, CPTSD, etc. I know these are very similar when it comes to disassociative disorders.
 Anyway, I believe I've felt mild switches thru my life. Some more noticeable than others, but I'm always co-conscious. For the past 2 years I've been trying to figure out what is happening, and then I met my current boyfriend. And they have DID! They're the only person(s) I was able to be completely honest and express what I've been going thru, and I've been learning thru them, too. My switches have been a lil easier since I feel so confortable, accepted and welcomed by them. The one who comes out more is Meli (which is like child me, around 6-8 years old).
 Well, the other night she came out so intensely! I was co-conscious the whole time, but I couldn't control anything at all. Boyfriend has been getting to know her, and when I switched they called us Meli! As soon as I heard the name we smiled so wide! She/I was just so shy and cute, but wouldn't talk. She/I is super shyyy. She/I was feeling so much love towards boyfriend and was blushing, and giddy. It felt so strange and amazing to be addressed and validated. I also have to mention that Meli has come out seceral times before, but she would be shut down by others telling me to stop acting like a child/ to grow up, when I really couldn't control it. So being noticed was a very lovely thing.
 But something also happened. I somehow forgot how I really looked like :O I was also lightheaded, and a bit disoriented. When I began to feel more ""normal"" I kinda struggled to get up to go to the restroom. And then I looked at myself and that's when I remembered how I looked like. It was such a strange experience.. the looking in the mirror and not recognizing has happened before, too.
 Anyway! After coming out of the restroom, boyfriend hugged me and said ""I love you all"". They have been getting to know other selves of mine, but so far Meli is the most present at times. I know there's others, and I'm hoping that I'll get to know them more with time.
 Thank you so much for reading! <3"
"HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Close  4  Posted by  3 months ago  HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Hey y'all,
 I'm exposing myself here, but I figure, here goes.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm nervous that that's not what I have, or I may have something more than that.
 I've talked to myself ever since I can remember, coming up with 'characters' through which I go through life. At first this was just games and I'd make up little plays and games with these 'characters', but now I go through daily life talking through them, to myself. They have names. However, they're characteristics aren't different from my personality, they're not very different from each other; it feels like I'm the same person, just with different names that I used to talk to myself and work through my problems or my day. All the characteristics and everything add up to make up 'me.' I'm fully conscious of these 'characters,' don't have amnesia, no forgetfulness, don't really notice dissociation throughout the day.
 I also struggle with binge-eating at times, but never self-harmed or abused substances. I do have a history of trauma mostly shared with my family.
 I'm nervous that I may have traits related to BPD, DID, or C-PTSD. For anyone co-morbid, or who just have those disorders, how did you know? Has any of what I said resonated?"
"A little help?  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  A little help?  I feel like I'm watching my life take place, without ne making the choices, like it's on autopilot. its been this way my whole life. allow me to explain
 I've always been amazing at improvisation. I think fast on my feet, and never have any trouble coming up with ideas. It's to the point, in fact, where sometimes I dont know what I'm even going to say when I start talking. It's just these words come out and I had little input in their construction. I've been diagnosed with bipolar and adhd, but for a number of reasons I think these are misdiagnoses. (I'll get to that later)
 The me inside my head is a completely different person than the person who chooses what I say. my mind is always racing, hyperanalyzing every situation. My inner self is cold, rational, and cares for nobody, not even myself.
 prime examples of both emotional response when I should have one
   I was raped as a child, it never was remotely traumatic whatsoever
   Family and friends die, I feel nothing, besides a slight ""oh well"" at the fact that I wont see them again
   It was possible I had cancer. Didnt care. didnt end up having it but still
   As for my diagnosed illnesses, I simply dont think they are plausible. Certainly not bipolar (I simply don't feel, and haven't as long as I can remember). ADHD has a little more plausibility, as ky sctiond are almost always an impulse, like I said, but inside of my mind I am very calculating.
 It's a little misleading when I say I can't feel. I can feel brief glimpses of euphoria and rage. As a result, I attempt to induce these states often. I have been told I have major anger problems my whole life, and have infrequent anger outbursts. As for euphoria, I seek thrills and hang out with friends to satisfy that need.
 I have never felt sadness, though, nor have I felt guilt or remorse. Its sickening and empty. Sadness is also the only emotion my autopilot cannot fake, so I have to do that consciously (with varying results  )
 thanks for listening, also is there a name for this?"
Doubting my diagnosis  General Question  Close  7  Posted by  4 months ago  Doubting my diagnosis  General Question  I've been diagnosed with bipolar 1 by three different  psychiatrists, but I can't help but to  worry that they're all wrong. I have thoughts  that maybe I exaggerated how I feel, or that I straight up lied to them (even though I was being completely truthful at the time).  I'm on 75 mg of Seroquel right now, and every time I take it I worry that I'm taking medication that I don't need. It's gotten so bad  that I've contemplated stopping my medication, just to see if they really are right. I've never had a full blown manic episode, and I struggle more with depression than I do with the hypomania. I just can't shake the thought that I'm just depressed and making my hypomanic symptoms out to be worse for attention or something.  Does anyone else ever feel like this or am I just being delusional?
"D. A. F.  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  D. A. F.  Depressed As Fuck. I've been diagnosed with bipolar and anxiety. Been on different medications since high school.
 My wife is going to be getting a new job. I should be happy for her. I'm absolutely terrified. She is going to be the only woman in her department. 17 guys will be working closely with her the entire work day. I know there is cheating in her new line of work. Married or not, it happens. Happy marriages have been shattered, because of the cheating that goes on. She loves the job. She's not going in to it for that reason.
 I figure that it's just a matter of time before she finds someone else, someone much better. Better than I'll ever be. Relationship will form. After being with her for 5 minutes, it's really easy to see how beautiful and amazing she is. It is easy to fall in love with her. She deserves better. Someone that doesn't have to take pills to go through the day. Why would she want to be with a mental guy.
 My job is pretty hazardous. Lately, I've been doing risky things in hopes I go away. Hoping something bad will happen to me. I'll often day dream of hanging myself. The hurt is too much to take lately. The nights seem to hurt more. I wake up wondering if today is a good day to die.
 How do I tell her my worst nightmare could happen? She doesn't understand my depression. Do I just walk away so she doesn't have to be with a guy like me."
"Looking for Answers and Pretty Confused  Close  4  Posted by  3 months ago  Looking for Answers and Pretty Confused  Hi everyone,
 Okay, long post -- sorry about that. I am really confused and am wondering if you guys have had similar experiences.
 I still don't know whether I have conversion disorder for certain. My last psychiatrist called my episodes ""conversion reactions,"" but I am not sure if that qualifies as conversion disorder. My current psychiatrist hides his opinion but is asking that I go to see my family doctor. I had an emergency room visit in 2016 and another one recently, and both times they told me to talk to my psychiatrist.
 I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, social anxiety, and OCD. My first conversion reaction was at school. I was paralyzed neck down. I had to shout at a stranger walking past to retrieve my phone from my pocket to call my dad, because my arms and legs wouldn't move an inch despite my efforts. Then it got better, but it still happened all the time where I would fall over and be unable to move my body or speak. But for a while, it actually improved and I managed to get a Bachelor's in philosophy and gained acceptance to graduate school, but I had to leave grad school for obvious reasons. It was at this point that I decided to get a new psychiatrist, because my OCD symptoms, anxiety, etc. never got better.
 Right now, I have these altogether new symptoms. When I get anxious or scared my body starts twitching, my face twitches, and afterwards I can't move. Today my left arm twisted so hard in one direction that it actually hurt. Then my eyeballs were twitching too so my vision got squiggly. The symptoms only occur for me when I am overcome by strong emotions. Last week, the emergency room doctor did a blood test and told me to speak with my psychiatrist.
 Does anyone have symptoms similar to these? What has your guys's treatment been like? Have you seen improvement?
 I would appreciate seeing your experiences. Thanks for reading."
I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Depression for years. I try to use comedy to cope with it. I saw a commercial for some med the other day and it felt dumb, so I wanted to show what MY Bipo Depression looks like. I do take mental health seriously, this is a crutch.  Close  73  Posted by  1 month ago  I've been diagnosed with Bipolar Depression for years. I try to use comedy to cope with it. I saw a commercial for some med the other day and it felt dumb, so I wanted to show what MY Bipo Depression looks like. I do take mental health seriously, this is a crutch.  youtu.be/p2Fqan...  10 comments  share  save  hide  report  99% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  View discussions in 1 other community  level 1    Original Poster   8 points   ·    1 month ago  I know that 32 upvotes is practically nothing on here, but I feel like a celebrity right now lol. So, thanks everyone that watched this, the video and the fact that you watched it mean a lot to me.
"WTF DO I DO. I’ve been diagnosed with bipolar but I don’t have it it’s fucking BPD! My new psychiatrist is putting me on this medication for it that could really fuck me up.  Close  1  Posted by    Helper [2]    9 days ago  WTF DO I DO. I’ve been diagnosed with bipolar but I don’t have it it’s fucking BPD! My new psychiatrist is putting me on this medication for it that could really fuck me up.  Hi, I’m em. I got diagnosed with bipolar but I know for a fact that I don’t have it. FIRST OF ALL. I’ve never had a manic episode or a hypermanic episode in my life to my knowledge! I was diagnosed with some pretty serious depression years ago and anxiety a year before that. For so long now I have been told I have BPD or EUPD. I had never heard of it. When I saw it and read about it? It was awful. THIS WAS FUCKING ME. THE DESCRIPTION OF IT DESCRIBED MY ENTIRE LIFE.
 That really messed me up. Finally everything made sense and I could then try to get better and deal with it with therapy and medication. They put me on lamotrigine on top of my antidepressant medication and it was helping a bit. I’ve been of that for ages now and I have been without therapy for so long. Only medication reviews. NOTHING ELSE. I needed serious help and CAMHS were being shit and then my psychiatrist leaves and I get a new one. Great.
 Now I finally have started CAT therapy after WAY too long of being in the dark. When I was told I had bipolar I was devastated and confused as hell! I don’t have it. My mood swings aren’t like that. They don’t last for ages and it’s not manic then depressed ffs! I have a bad case of BPD and my emotions? I can go from depressed as hell and then something minor happens or someone says something and I snap and am so angry and then I don’t want them to go if I tell them to fuck off or I hurt them. I am also so fucking anxious. This can all change so fast but mostly I feel so empty and depressed.
 I have textbook symptoms of BPD all of them. Just because of how depressed I am now my doctor thinks I have bipolar!!?!?! No. Now my mom has told people and my school! I’m so mad at her for that I’m old enough it’s my decision and my personal information(sorry getting away from the point).
 WHAT DO I DO. I’m getting put on Aripiprazole and it has these side effects that are just AGHGH. I am getting put on it soon and I need to stop it! This is not my diagnosis it’s wrong it’s messed up I don’t want it on my record!! Please help me. I am talking to my Doctor on Wednesday but he seems so set that it’s bipolar and it’s not 😭😭"
"I’ve been diagnosed with bipolar 2 but show no signs of hypomania  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  I’ve been diagnosed with bipolar 2 but show no signs of hypomania  6 years ago I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 after a series of intense episodes of depression and anxiety. I was also abusing adhd medication and drinking a LOT of coffee to help get through my senior year of high school (IB Program). So naturally I had intense highs and lows including a few days where I had feelings of grandeur and didn’t feel the need to sleep. Ever since I stopped abusing stimulants I haven’t had an episode resembling hypomania for longer than a few hours. I talked to my psychiatrist about this and he said that it only takes one episode of hypomania to diagnose bipolar. (This doctor also seems like he is not really interested in my situation almost indifferent or apathetic). Side note I’ve been taking clonazepam and Lamotrigine for the past 5 years. This has reduced panic attacks and the sensation that I’m losing my mind. Still feel long episodes of intense depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation.
 Should I trust my psychiatrist and continue believing I have bipolar 2 or should I start looking at alternative causes for my depression and anxiety (see another psychiatrist). Other side note: my therapist does not believe I’m bipolar.
 Sorry if this post is long, confusing or not appropriate for this subreddit, this is my first time posting."
"I'm thinking of breaking up with my boyfriend  Close  0  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  I'm thinking of breaking up with my boyfriend  We have been dating for around six months. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and depression. Whenever I get down and depressed, he isn't as visible as I would want him to be. I already told him how he could help me when I am depressed but he never followed through. I want to break up because I feel like a burden for him and also because I don't feel his presence whenever I feel really down.
 Right now, I'm going through a rough patch. I have been having days when I am thinking of ending it and I have been telling him about it. Although I can see that he is concerned, I don't feel that he is as supportive as I would like. I try to ward it off by thinking that he's probably with stuff. I also try to consider his priorities and that maybe I'm really not one of it.
 I don't know if it's wrong for me to become selfish and ask for more attention from him whenever I'm going through crisis moments. It's hard to go on with life when you feel alone and you just want support from someone you love.
 I sometimes just want him to call me whenever things are hard but whenever I ask him it always feels like a burden for him. I don't like asking him to do things because it feels forced and insincere. Although I do appreciate his efforts since he used to visit me whenever I'm stuck in a depressive phase again but is it wrong for me to ask for more?
 I am very in love my boyfriend and when days are good we're fine. But I feel neglected and alone most of the time. It's so stupid but I feel really alone in this relationship."
Mania or hypomania? When can hypomania become mania?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Mania or hypomania? When can hypomania become mania?  Hey y'all so basically I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2 and have cycles of 3 weeks of depression and about 5-7 days of hypomania per month. This month my hypomania has lasted a lot longer and has been much more intense and it's now my 8th day and normally I would have crashed down (when I crash down it feels like dark clouds are consuming me and I cry uncontrollably) but I haven't yet and feel better than ever. Everything is so intense and moving so fast and I feel euphoric and can't stop moving. I've also been really talkative, spent/drunk more than usual and much more outgoing and talkative. I've also had lots of ideas and epiphanies and I wanted a tattoo but have no money so I carved a pentagram into my leg and can't stop thinking about satan. If I was really becoming manic would I know it or would it just happen? I still don't quite get what differentiates mania from hypomania 100%... I'm also really restless and impatient and really irritable/angry over everything
Mania vs hypomania? When can hypomania become mania? /x-post /r/bipolarreddit  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Mania vs hypomania? When can hypomania become mania? /x-post /r/bipolarreddit  Hey y'all so basically I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2 and have cycles of 3 weeks of depression and about 5-7 days of hypomania per month. This month my hypomania has lasted a lot longer and has been much more intense and it's now my 8th day and normally I would have crashed down (when I crash down it feels like dark clouds are consuming me and I cry uncontrollably) but I haven't yet and feel better than ever. Everything is so intense and moving so fast and I feel euphoric and can't stop moving. I've also been really talkative, spent/drunk more than usual and much more outgoing and talkative. I've also had lots of ideas and epiphanies and I wanted a tattoo but have no money so I carved a pentagram into my leg and can't stop thinking about satan. If I was really becoming manic would I know it or would it just happen? I still don't quite get what differentiates mania from hypomania 100%... I'm also really restless and impatient and really irritable/angry over everything
"I [25/F] is getting really tired of my sister [26/F] narcissistic personality.. how should I handle this?  Non-Romantic  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I [25/F] is getting really tired of my sister [26/F] narcissistic personality.. how should I handle this?  Non-Romantic  I have an older sister that seems to inherit some sort of narcissistic personality traits. To be honest, I'm very uncomfortable around her, and esp. when I'm diagnosed with bipolar and the way I think is different. She always brags about her looks everyday and always ask for validation or to show off her appearance. She's not even a 10, but she makes it seem like she's the only attractive one in the house. She would always mention the fact that everyone in the house including me is fat, and she's the only one that's skinny. Whenever she talks to me, she would always point out certain Area in my body that needs improvement (again, I did not ask for her opinion). When we are out, she would always make side comments about people in public that she believe are ugly & poor. I don't know where she got this disgusting behavior, but it has always been inside her. She makes fun of mentally disabled ( I have bipolar ) and would jokingly say stuff like, "" maybe I can get on government assistant if I just act crazy ).. it's very insensitive given the fact that she has a sister that has severe mental illness. I have a conversation with my cousin who is close with her, and it seems like he enables her personality because they are close. It's like he's aware himself, but won't speak up. I just don't see how people can be around such an egotistical person.. I'm still trying to understand how she has friends. Whenever we get into an argument, the first thing she does is attack me on my looks and achievements by calling me a nobody and that I'm ugly. She really believe she is above people, and always act like she does favor for others. When she is in the wrong, or so.. she still get offensive and starts to attack.. as I am typing this, she is asking my 18 years old brother how her body looks... she does this 4-6x a day, I'm not even exaggerating this. Is this a normal behavior? I try my best to distant myself around the house, and it seems to be working.. even when she tries to talk to me, I feel uncomfortable to even have any conversation, so I give silence treatment and then I get yelled by her.
   tl;dr  sister narcissism is starting to affect my everyday life, and she's completely unaware of how she acts. She constantly ask for attention and bait people into complimenting her body."
"What is a day lioe in the life of an experimental psychologist (and would you recommend it)?  Close  8  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  What is a day lioe in the life of an experimental psychologist (and would you recommend it)?  Hello all,
 I'm 24 and I've been jumping around between majors quite a bit lately, but the only thing that has stayed a constant interest is experimental psychology (correct me if I'm using this term wrong, I've only just started really looking into it). I've done what I can to avoid this field of study due to seemingly every person having a bachelors in this and never working in the field. From what I've gathered, it is a must to have a PhD, which is understandable.
 I like the research idea because I want to know what makes people tick, and I love figuring out why the brain does such weird things, but I'm not so good at connecting with others face to face. Honestly, I feel I'd be terrible in any therapy type position.
 Before, I was leaning more toward software engineering due to the enormous flexibility of the job after college and that seems amazing, but I find myself struggling to even want to go because I'm less passionate for the major than I had expected. I was in the military for a few years, so I have worked upward 90+ hours a week before, but I'm not necessarily looking forward to doing that permanently.
 And lastly, this ones a bit personal but I'm throwing it out there, I'm diagnosed with bipolar and ADHD. I know ""technically"" this wouldn't knock me out of a job, but sometimes I need some time to deal with the moods. Does anyone have experience with this illness in this field? Or by chance, know someone in a similar situation? Would you still recommend it from a practical standpoint (I'd really hate to go all the way to PhD and not be able to hold a job due to this illness..)?
 TLDR; What is your schedule like daily/weekly? Do you get vacation? Weekends? Is the work fulfilling? Can someone with their own mental problems go into this field and safely hold a job?
 Sorry it's so long and for any typos! This was typed on my phone. Thank you everyone for reading this!
 Edit: Aargh, the title got me!!"
Please help me.  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Please help me.  So I haven't smoked in the last 32 days and boy it has been extremely difficult, because I'm diagnosed with Bipolar disorder, and for the past three weeks I've been extremely depressed, nothing has made it better and I'm currently thinking of suicide. When I say that I've been thinking about buying a g and just get out of this feeling, that has been my every thought for the last 7 or 8 days. But I'm 18 and I don't want to smoke until spring break, but at this point I'm not even sure if I'll make it.
"I feel like a burden to everyone around me. Also, new medicine - Latuda. [rant/vent]  Close  7  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I feel like a burden to everyone around me. Also, new medicine - Latuda. [rant/vent]  I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, but the doctor is still unsure about what type. He says I definitely have it and originally the diagnosis was type 1, but we also discussed rapid cycling as I can go from manic to depressed upwards of 5 times a day...5 is just the minimum. I also have borderline personality disorder, depression, and anxiety.
 I am always going to be sick. This is a fact. I am happily married and as of yesterday, it's been 5 months. We got our first apartment together and everything has been going great aside from a noisy upstairs neighbor. I have my ins and outs and my days just like anyone else. What bothers me is that when I have especially bad days, my husband catches the worst of it. I'm always a crying mess, angry, or manic. Crying or manic are the worst. I just feel like  such  a burden. He didn't sign up for this when we got together 6 and a half years ago. Like, imagine how old it would get if you had the flu. The first few days you get your SO to stay home from work, and take care of you. The next week you have some okay days and some are worse than when you started to get sick. Over the next few months, the symptoms come and go and by now you're, for lack of a better phrase,  really sick of it  and you just want it to go away. But, inevitably, like any sickness, it's going to come back and you're inevitably going to be sick in your life, again and again. It happens to all of us. This is a sickness I can't get rid of.
 My other problem is the medicine. I'm on Latuda and I just started 4 days ago. I am feeling okay. I have to take it at night because it makes me really sleepy. It's just a super overwhelming ""calmness"". During the day I wake up and it's nice because I have motivation. At night, around the time I'm due to take it again, I get really depressed. It's happened every night. It's depressing to think that during the day I can have a taste of being alright and feel what it's like to be ""normal"". During the night the symptoms come back, in a way, and I just cry. I don't know if the medicine is working and wearing off at that time. I don't know if the medicine is not working and I'm just getting depressed at night because well...the usual. I don't know if the medicine is working too much.
 I have some symptoms from the medicine that are confusing. As a side note, I take 50mg of Trazodone at night with the 20mg of Latuda before bed (with something to eat because of the Latuda). I am having occasional hot flashes where I can't cool off. Today I woke up hungry and shaking a little, which is normal when I go too long without eating and I get sort of shaky. I feel a trembling now that won't subside. I heard of people having this trembling but it feels like my insides are shaking. I don't like this at all. Other than that I feel okay. It is only the fourth day so I don't want to jump to conclusions and say that the medicine isn't working or that I don't like it. The shakiness only is bothersome when I move...it seems like my body wants to move more than I'm commanding it to  but it's just shakiness adding to my movement? I don't know.
 If anyone actually read all of this, I'd love to hear your thoughts and experiences with Latuda and what you think I should do. It's helpful to know someone feels the same as me."
"I do not have Bipolar Disorder. Because it doesn't exist.  Close  27  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  I do not have Bipolar Disorder. Because it doesn't exist.  Or so says my latest therapist. Whom I promptly fired.
 (Rant, lots of ranting)
 A year back, I was in therapy with an awesome therapist. Unfortunately, she can no longer take me as a client. Long story, but she works in a program and I no longer fit the criteria to be in that program. I also have chronic pain, so she referred me to someone who specializes in that.
 Well, that didn't work out. Nor did the university therapist who accused me of self-diagnosing (Neuropsychiatrist loved by all clinicians in town diagnosed me a few years back), literally asked me if I thought the pain was in my head, and wanted to talk about my childhood.
 Most recently, I was told by a therapist (Who I found out was of the psychodynamic sort) that Bipolar Disorder is a personality disorder and I likely learned the behaviors from a relative (Whom lived on the other side of the country and I didn't know she had the diagnosis until I was a teenager because, well, her meds worked and I only saw her over the summers). I guess the hallucinations were learned from someone or another. And then my pain issues were the result of my childhood and would get better if I resolved some issues with my mother.
 I came in to discuss dealing with the emotional aftermath of getting my shit together after Bipolar Disorder, post-partum hell, and then ending up with some autoimmune shit on top of it all over the course of seven years. Not my childhood, which I could care less about. Let's leave my poor mother out of this.
 The thing that gets me the most is that the last line of shrinks did not believe me when I said, ""Yeah, I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and OCD."" And it isn't just the previous therapists. Psychiatrist #2 (First left the area) decided I needed more therapy because Abilify wasn't working and hinted at BPD. Different psychiatrist + lithium = shit together. I take my meds, I work, I live in the suburbs, and I'm quite possibly one of the most boring people ever.
 I'm not sure how to articulate the fucked up reasoning those people had.
 And now I'm kind of lonely and not feeling motivated to finding professional help."
Does anybody experience this delusion?  Close  4  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Does anybody experience this delusion?  I feel like the background conversations are describing what I am doing, my movements and all that. Not only so, they're showing me what to do as well. It's just bizarre. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1 and thinking I may be schizophrenic as well.
"Switching from the pill. What are my options?  Which Method?  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Switching from the pill. What are my options?  Which Method?  I'm 27 years old and I've never been pregnant. I've stayed on the pill for years and I'm kind of over it. I want something with higher effective rate and longer term.
 I would go straight for an IUD, but I have a uterine malformation called unicornuate uterus. I'm unable to get an IUD because my uterus is the wrong shape and too small.
 I've tried NuvaRing (intense anger, mood swings. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and this makes me hypomanic) and Nexplanon (bleeding for 6 months straight) as well. I did have great luck with Depo Provera, so I am considering this. I'm also thinking about trying Nexplanon again, is it likely that I would have the same issues with bleeding? Are there any options I haven't considered?
 I'm in a long term relationship and we'd prefer not to have to use condoms.
 If anyone has any suggestions, I'd appreciate it so much."
"How safe is Maxillomandibular Advancement surgery, and how effective? If I went through it and it didn't help, what would my options be?  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   2 years ago  Archived  How safe is Maxillomandibular Advancement surgery, and how effective? If I went through it and it didn't help, what would my options be?  I'm a 23 yo male in the US, 5' 10"", 225lbs, Caucasian, symptoms have been increasing since when i was 12-15. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, panic disorder, and depression, as well as sleep apnea, but sort of a strange case of sleep apnea where it's subtle but apparently it's effects are roughly the same. I'm not on any medications at this time.
 I have fairly significant health issues, primarily split between a sleep disorder and mental disorders. My current sleep doctor is studying links between mental and sleep disorders. During a sleep study he found that I have apneas with very little snoring. My issue is being able to fall asleep, get rest, and wake up, all 3 rarely go well. I regularly don't sleep for a night, and occasionally for several nights.
 His recommendation is the surgery. He's been pushing it as the best and/or only solution sinces APAP did not work (I could not get any rest while using the machine, couldn't sleep, would get headaches and extreme discomfort). I'm inclined to trust his opinion, that's not really the issue. Me and my family are just afraid that if it's more related to an actual sleep cycle disorder (non-24 circadian rhythm, or something similar), that I won't get relief, and I'll have money and time sunk into a fairly intense surgery.
 I don't really have good options for getting a second opinion, and I'm just really worried about it not working. My health issues are a massive burden on my every day life, making school and work very difficult to manage, but I'm stubborn and want to get better, not just accept it and take unemployment."
"NA when you are mentally ill  Close  13  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  NA when you are mentally ill  I’m really struggling today. I’ve armchair diagnosed my ex as a narcissist, as I think we all have. He was deeply emotionally abusive and controlling and it ended up getting somewhat physical and sexual (all under the umbrella of “not that bad”). We went through a horrible custody battle and of course he denies my “false allegations” (I mean he’s not stupid). But he’s really playing the card that I’m insane and delusional. The thing is, I have been diagnosed with Bipolar type II in the past (all symptoms joe in “remission”), and have been severely depressed at times as well as have lifelong anxiety. I’ve also sustained a lot of trauma. He’s now saying I have borderline personality disorder, and that I have paranoid cognitive dissonance. Of COURSE this is what narcissists do. But my question is, for those of you who have your own mental illness, how do you differentiate between your own possibly “ill” perceptions and the actual abuse?!
 I have never been told I have a personality disorder. I’m going to start going to therapy and will bring this up because of course I need to know if I skew things. However I 100% remember everything he did."
"Bipolar 2  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Bipolar 2  My mental health has been really bad lately and I just felt like venting a little about it and possibly getting to talk to others who experience similar problems. It helps not feelings alone with this
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, and my depressive swings outweigh my hypomanic ones by a ton. I can be feeling perfectly fine and something small will happen--or nothing at all!--and I fly into debilitating sadness and suicidal feelings and endless crying. Sometimes it lasts only a few hours but it can last for days at a time before I stabilize again, and I always feel so ridiculous for how I was acting when I was down. It feels like I become an entirely different person and I'm not in control of myself.
 I also can't help but feel bad for my friends when I'm hypomanic. I suddenly have energy, and I want to talk to them a ton and do things and I'm happy and social, just for it to inevitably go back down and I turn into a hermit for a period of time. Over the past week my friends have watched me go from crying for hours to cracking jokes and then back to silent sadness and so on and so forth. I can barely keep track of it, I can't imagine how it feels for them.
 I'm seeing a doctor and I'm on medication, which has helped, but I think what would really help right now is hearing from other people who can relate, so I appreciate anyone who reaches out. Thanks for reading and listening to me. I hope your day is well."
"Had a Breakdown and Just Left  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Had a Breakdown and Just Left  Alright. I'm 22, and I'm diagnosed with bipolar. A lot of stressful shit has been going on and i just got back from Kentucky to Florida. I woke up this morning, heard thunder, and immediately had a breakdown because I left something outside. After I went to go get it, I couldn't stop crying. I have no idea what's wrong with me, but I did similar stuff like this when I wasn't medicated-- But I'm medicated right now.
 My wife has Narcolepsy and fell asleep while trying to calm me down. Before I knew it I found myself at Walmart. I had went from my house and drove to Walmart with my wife's car. I texted her to let her know where I was, but I haven't received anything from her or anyone. So I guess I'm shit up a creek, but I need to figure out what I am supposed to do about this.
 I don't even know if this is bipolar at this point or what it even is. My pdoc appointment is months away."
"Thinking what I'm experiencing is autoimmune. Could use some advice.  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Thinking what I'm experiencing is autoimmune. Could use some advice.  Family history--my mom has fibromyalgia and lupus as well as a severely under active thyroid. My aunt on my mom's side has rheumatoid arthritis and lupus and just had her thyroid removed because of precancerous tissue. My other aunt on my mom's side had a cancerous thyroid that was removed, and various weird mental health issues. My grandma on my mom's side also has lupus.
 The only lupus symptoms I don't have are butterfly rash (at least I don't think I have ever had it, but I have gotten cheek rashes from distress or heat or just plain old feeling ill, which is often) and body aches.
 I'm tired. All the time. No matter how much I sleep, I am chronically absolutely exhausted. I have vertigo. I have horrible intestinal issues and always feel like I have to go. Sometimes there's a ton of mucus in my stool, even when I eat relatively healthfully. I've had horrific intestinal issues ever since I was very young. I contracted rotavirus at age 2 and almost died, while the other kid my mom was babysitting just had mild diarrhea from it.
 I have chest pains all the time (they say my heart is fine, I guess it could be just from anxiety). Weird lung pains as if I have pleurisy sometimes. My body rarely ever aches but every few months I have these ""attacks"" where for 2-3 minutes my body is in such intense pain that I can't move/can hardly breathe. I'm constantly nauseous, I'm underweight (have always been) and I barely eat.
 It's time to get tested for something, and I could just use some support or advice.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder right now (they did a CT of my head to check for tumors because of very vivid  visual hallucinations--no tumors). They've also done various blood tests for cancer when I was a child because my lymph nodes were constantly swollen for no reason at all."
"I don't know where to go from here.  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I don't know where to go from here.  Hi. I haven't posted in a long time. Had a lot going on.
 I'm currently on Lamictal, something I forget to sleep that starts with an E which is strictly for incomia, and xanax as needed.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and anxiety.
 I went to work today and worked for an hour. I work in a call center but from home. Nothing changed, nothing happened. I've been stressed but nothing changed and I broke down. I couldn't breathe or stop crying. I was able to call my employee assistance line and they talked me down but now I'm emotionally drained and I'm in bed trying to recover from it. I feel depressed and scared.
 I'm afraid I'm going to lose my job. I'm on a conduct memo now and I've been trying to get approved for medical accommodations but I don't technically qualify for FMLA until April 29th which will be my one year with the company. I wrote out a long email to my manager and he's aware but there's only so much he can do due to their policies on calling out.
 Anyway, I'm TERRIFIED I'm going to lose my job, lose my insurance etc. If I do I can't pay my rent, bills, medication, see my psychiatrist. I've thought about disability since I've had such an issue holding a job because of my disorder. I work from home! That's like the most accommodating thing I can think of even though call centers are stressful. I can't think of anything else I could do or am qualified to do other than what I'm doing. Going on disability feels like giving up to me. I don't know.
 My psych is starting to seem like he's ready to give up on me. I've tried so many different medications. I just don't know where to go from here."
"Should I leave a note?  Close  15  Posted by    4 years ago  Archived  Should I leave a note?  I am a 20 year old female. My parents decided that it was a good idea to have a baby with someone they met at AA and subsequently divorced when I was 4. I've been in therapy since I was 8. My first psychiatric inpatient admission was when I was 16 but once I graduated high school, everything went downhill.
 I've tried university but it's so lonely. I'm supposed to be in my 4th year but I barely have enough credits for a single year. I was in the gifted program so all of my high school friends are out there achieving great things and I'm just here binging and purging. Since I've turned 18, I've spent aprox. 10 months, mostly of a form(involuntary), in a psych ward. I've tried ECT twice and I'm only 20. I'm scared that it gave me brain damage because my memory is still fucked. I've tried about 20 different medications.
 Well, I see a social worker, psychiatrist, and a therapist weekly. I'm on disability. Would it really be that much of a surprise to my loved ones? It'd be selfish of them to want me to continue to live this way. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II, BPD and Bulimia Nervosa. I am just a failure and a burden. There is nothing to look forward to except misery. My friends leave me. My mother just complains about how much money I cost her. Everyone is going to die and I have such trust/abandonment issues that I cannot trust my bf not to cheat on me.
 I can't tell my psychiatrist that I got the pharmacy to refill that bottle of pills security wrestled from me because he will just put me back on a psych ward. I just want to die. There is no hope at all. I don't want to wait until I'm 30 and just be in a worse position. There's no god because a god wouldn't let someone live in such agony. What have I done to deserve this? I try to go to school and smile but it just feels like I am attempting to evade my destiny.
 Besides a living will that will say to take me off life support if heavily brain damaged, is there much point in leaving a note at this point? It's pretty much expected at this point.
 Thank you for reading. Please no ""you're only 20"" posts. Please."
lamotrigine and dreaming  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  lamotrigine and dreaming  so as a kid I  used to have extremely vivid and long dreams, which I often found to be prophetic and spiritually therapeutic. As long as I can remember I've had dream journals and found a special psychological significance to what/how I dream. About ~2 years ago I was hit hard with depression, and my dreams disappeared. I was prescribed antidepressants which were ineffective in lifting mood and actually increased hypomania/suicidal thoughts, and still no dreams. flash forward to a month ago- I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, a diagnosis which is still working but which I mostly agree with/can see the symptoms manifest; as a result I've been prescribed lamotrigine (anticonvulsant/mood stabilizer). With the new treatment my dreams are back and more vivid than ever. they're fantastic and I'm happy to have them back. Anyone else experience something similar? Lamotrigine known to increase dreams? My research indicated this was a pretty rare side effect but so far it's been the most noticeable for me; Im finally waking up not depressed but motivated and with fantastic dream memories.
"So my house mate is bullying me because of my mental health.  Close  10  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  So my house mate is bullying me because of my mental health.  Well, as some of you may have had the unfortunate experience of being bullied, you might know how damn awful it feels. And well, yeah, my house mate is bullying me because of my mental health. Right where it fucking hurts.
 So its 3:30 am, and but of course I'm up ruminating about all that's been said, and all of my imaginary rebuttals. I just need to get it out of me.
 A bit of back ground on myself. I'm diagnosed with bipolar and borderline. To sum it up, I have come a long fucking way. I'm pretty much stable; almost there. So me and my mental health team are absolutely delighted with my progress, along with my best friend and house mate, lets call him Fred. Fred is the fucking shit, the greatest friend I've ever had, we've been through thick and thin and we've helped each other out through the worst of it. As humiliating and as guilty as it made me, he did practically become my carer through a very dark and deep depression. And on the odd time I do need his help. But I'll be damned if I'm not turning this shit around and becoming and independent ass kicker. So yeah, I've come a long way. Life apart from being life-y is pretty darn sweet.
 And now for the house mate in question, I'll called him Ronny. Ronny is a funny guy, he definitely has good qualities, and when he is happy, he is good to have the banter with. But dammit, he is like a whirlwind of chaos. The guy definitely has mental health problems, and I'm not one to judge, I can empathise in fact. I have no doubt in my mind, but he's at that kinda stage where your life is a disorientating medley of self-medication, social difficulties and general shittiness of life and you don't know what the source is.
 To give you a glimpse of what kind of house mate he is, he is the kind that brings drunk and belligerent people home at 3 am on a Monday morning, on other nights he will have screaming matches with his girl friend (always at night time too curiously), freaks out at me for asking him to use a wooden spoon instead of a metal spoon on my non-stick wok, take subtle digs at me when I ask him not to do something or  to  do something. And all the house mates are in agreement; he is chaotic and noisy as fuck. Well you know, I'd always speak up and tell the verbally abusive strangers to get out of my house in the early hours, so I do voice myself there, how could I not? But the rest of the time, I'd let it all slide. I would kind of empathise with him in the fact that my life was the same a few years back. I get it, but man, this shit has gotten way too much for me.
 In all honesty, I've always been a target for bullies. I got bullied as a kid and in my teenage years people thought I was the biggest snob. I'm not sure why though, I'm from a disadvantaged background; I ain't judging no one. And well, as an adult, I'm still frustratingly misunderstood. I say this matter of factly, not in a pity myself way, I just have noticed, that the people who know me, love me, and the people who don't understand me, or misinterpret me, really don't think much of me at all. I find myself receiving a lesser amount of respect than those who I would consider my equals. And my assertiveness is lost on those who don't know me. One former house mate and current house mate Ronny, seem to think I'm in some power struggle with them. Anyway, I'm seen as the weak one, when I'm pretty happy and well adjusted, and when I am myself, showing that side of myself, it gets misconstrued. As what, I don't know.
 Anyway, today was breaking point. For a long time, I had the sense that Ronny was pissed at me for some reason. He would drop the odd snide remark, take a lot of things I would say as personal attacks, he has generally been passive aggressive with me. And well, I do have a diagnosis of borderline, so I did wonder a lot if I was just picking things up wrong, or perhaps getting defensive. I decided I would ask him, and if he said no, I would explain to him that sometimes I pick things up wrong, and I would ask for him to let me know if he ever had beef. Anyway, I did ask him, and what I got back was the most abusive, ableist, cruel, misconstrued pile of shit in my life.
 To summarise, in hopes that I would not let this post go on forever;
 He started by saying I am really not mentally well. He went on to say that I have different personalities, that sometimes I'm female and sometimes I'm male (I'm trans but I assure just male), that I shouldn't of asked him to clean out the freezer (seriously, we could close the door because of his shit inside there), that he can't bring any friends home, that I'm a psycho, that he can't be mad at me because I have a disorder (fuck you my disorder is no excuse for anything), that I boss Fred around and he does everything I say and that its ""very sad to see"". He then went on to say that everyone in the house bar Fred and me, have been talking about me ""bossing him around"". He told me that I'm mentally not well about 4 or 5 times, no exaggeration there. He told me that my facial expressions change (?) and that I freak out over the slightest provocation. When I tried to explain myself, he said ""See! This is exactly what I mean"". When he finally forced me to tears, he said the same thing. And worst of all, he made fun of me for having to have an ambulance called in a medical emergency, and might I just add, there were no sirens or flashing lights, I waited for them outside the house and I left like a ghost in the night. And it was a year ago. It kinda just went on and on. It was abusive and loud.
 I had no choice but to go upstairs and cry my heart out for about 2 hours. I haven't cried like that in years. Years. I thought that I would never go downstairs again, that I might have to move out, I thought maybe I was still crazy, all of it. His words just ringing around my head like on TV. Never in my life have I understood the word ableism so well. He made me feel like a crazy freak show. When Fred got back he saw my in this state, and he went to ask Ronny what the story was. Ronny just threw shit and stormed of saying ""I shouldn't have to put up with shit"". I relayed to Fred what Ronny had said to me, being careful not to exaggerate or let my emotions warp the story. Both Fred and the 3rd house mate confirmed that he is a lot more destructive and unstable than I am, and that they had very little to complain about me. I wasn't fucking crazy, I was being pushed around. Once again the weakest, and once again in the imaginary power struggle. With Ronny and his gossiping little friends working themselves up about how ""mental"" I am. It fucking hurt.
 So yeah I listened to some angry fucking music and sung my fucking lungs out. Fuck that shit, I got bullied once before, but I'll die before I let someone do that to me again. 'Backstabber - Dresden Dolls', 'I won't Back Down - Tom Petty' and some true friends, are not only what didn't let me slip back, but also helped me to rise above what this asshole had said.
 So I went downstairs and I cleaned the fucking shit out of the freezer and it felt good.
 Turns out, the 3rd house mate and another regular of the house had been talking about me and Fred behind our backs, but they had the honesty to come out with it, and the 3rd house mate felt pretty bad. So I have no beef with them. I commended them for their honesty. Honesty is brave and decent.
 But seriously, after all that was said, I am afraid to be myself now, as anything I say or do is ""crazy"". I can't avoid being seen as ""mentally unwell"" if everything is under the whim of his imagination. I'll never get to say my side of the story. There is no rebuttal, no justice. I'll never get to explain that he has me bass ackwards. And worst of all, no peace offering. It will hang in the air until one of us moves out.
 I'm uncomfortable in my own home and unfortunately, I do care what people think, especially when its a gossiping fuck that thinks it.
 I dunno. Well done if you read all of this. Seriously. This post is a fucking novel at this stage. I guess I don't know where to go from here. Being bullied is one thing, but being bullied in your own house is another. I have to see him everyday. Its my safe space. I don't know how I'm going to live with this or how I'm going to sleep at night with all these enraging thoughts running round my brain.
 Nearly 5 am now. Fuck.
 TLDR; cuz it is long as fuck. My house mate is more unstable than me, and being terribly abusive about how unstable I am. I don't know how to deal with being around him everyday."
"Question About Psychosis  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Question About Psychosis  So  technically  I'm diagnosed with bipolar not schizophernia, but doctors are not 100% sure  what  I have, and since the sidebar says you may discuss psychotic symptoms in general, and since my psychotic symptoms affect me more than my mood issues, so people at  r/bipolar  or  r/bipolarreddit  may have a harder time relating to it, and since  r/psychoticreddit  isn't very active, I'm going to post this here. If this does happen to be against the rules I will delete this post.
 Just an fyi, I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I experience mania/hypomania (still trying to figure that out but for simplicity's sake am going to refer it to mania throughout the post) and depression, with a stable mood not brought on by meds for around 15-25% of the year. The depression is worser than mania by a long shot. I have never been psychotic and manic at the same time, only when depressed and stable. I've taken prozac and citalopram in the past but  that  went over well. /s I've taken Lithium which helped my mania but did absolutely nothing for my depression (though it helped me not think about suicide constantly, which was nice, but didn't actually solve the main problem/cause which was depression). I've also taken Risperdal. I had the worst reaction to any medicine that I've ever had on it. It also didn't do anything to help my psychotic symptoms at all, and trust me i was on it for a couple months, i gave it a chance. Right now I'm unmedicated because of the side effects of antipsychotics (due to the fact that i had the reaction i had plus the fact i already have a high risk of getting high cholesterol, diabetes, heart problems that antipsychotics tend to bring and the fact i want to be as healthy as i can). So far I've done great off meds. For me, taking care of myself for example having good sleep patterns, managing stress well, etc cetera is really helpful for me. I have a person I can trust that I feel comfortable asking if something i heard or saw was real or not, and can trust them to be honest which is very helpful.
 Since I'm new to everything psychotic (well, not really. I've had psychotic symptoms longer than I've had mood problems, but my mood problems were recognized as problems first, but that's not the point) I do have a few questions. I mean, sure I obviously hallucinate and have paranoia, but I also have some other issues as well. I almost always feel like half of my body is here in the world, while the other half is somewhere else. I don't know where, just somewhere else. The only time I'm not like this is when I'm manic. Since only half of me is here, I tend to only realize a few details about my surroundings, but once I'm manic i notice everything. Also, I notice that when I'm depressed, under intense stress, or if I am experiencing a particularly bad psychosis, I literally cannot speak, my brain doesn't work as well, i can't think clearly, i feel absolutely nothing, and i don't express any emotion. I also become more disorganized than usual (at least when I'm manic I impulsively clean my room and alphabetize my bookshelf, when I'm psychotic I don't do that at all). I find these symptoms to be more annoying than hallucinations, because hallucinations last seconds, while these symptoms are chronic. It's almost as if the 50% of me that is here becomes more like 5%.
 After I have had a hallucination, like seen or heard something, the rest off the day I'm exhausted and can't think clearly, and have trouble speaking as well. During summer break that isn't a problem, but during school, that can cause problems because, well i'm not sure how to describe it, but i have trouble fully understanding what the teacher is saying? this never happens when i'm not psychotic, and i've repetitively been called smart, so that isn't the problem. Just something about experiencing psychotic symptoms messes up my brain.
 Basically, I'm just wondering if, as far as psychoticness goes, this is normal as well?
 Thank you!"
"Moving away from my support system after a tough time - terrified!  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Moving away from my support system after a tough time - terrified!  Hello all,
 Kind of ironic that I'm making a post like this as apparently a year ago today I made a pretty identical post, haha...basically, I'm diagnosed with bipolar, from the UK, and currently live/work in Belgrade, Serbia. I have been stable for a while now, and have become better at taking care of myself, keeping up with my medication regime, and noticing 'warning' signs of oncoming manic episodes (historically I've experienced mania more often than depressive episodes, and I had a huge manic breakdown in 2015 that led to me getting diagnosed etc).
 I moved back to Belgrade in September 2017 after spending the summer in the UK working in Brighton (I'm a teacher so needed to fill up those long summer months of being unemployed!). It always takes me a while to adjust, but I settled in pretty quickly. However, in November 2017 I came back to the UK to visit my dad who had been poorly in hospital. When I landed he'd been rushed to intensive care, and things were very touch and go. Thankfully he is here with us and out of hospital, but he was hospitalised for two months and most of that time we weren't sure that he was going to make it. So basically, I've spent the past two months in the UK at my family home, surrounded by my parents and siblings and close friends, supporting them and also being supported through this pretty traumatic situation.
 Weirdly, I generally coped with the situation in a pretty stable way (except for two moments when dad almost died, which was horrific). However, now I'm really worried. I'm flying back to Belgrade tomorrow and I feel really sick, and my mind won't stop whirring - I feel almost on the edge of an episode and it's the thought of being away from my support system and dad that is really getting to me. I don't know how I'll cope, and I'm worried it will just hit me when I arrive there. When I made my post about similar feelings last year, I had a horrible depressive episode pretty much straight afterwards that lasted for a couple of months. I feel so weak and stupid, and incapable. I don't even really know what I'm asking here, I guess just for advice/support? Someone tell me it will be okay, haha :("
"I just need someone who might be able to relate.  Close  5  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I just need someone who might be able to relate.  I hope that this is acceptable to post. If not, let me know and I'll take it down. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar 2 disorder and have been getting treatment for it. My medication has been working great to control my symptoms! However, I still feel like something else is going on that's not getting treated properly, whether it's different symptoms of bipolar or something else entirely. A couple people have told me to look into BPD, and after reading about it online and posts on  r/BPD , I feel like I can relate a lot. I'm in no way looking for a diagnosis, and I'm not trying to self diagnose either. I have an appointment with my psychiatrist in a week and plan to bring all of my symptoms/issues up then, but I'm at wits end right now and need to share how I've been feeling with someone who might be able to relate.
 My longer-term mood cycles with BP2 have been under control, but I still have major mood changes anywhere from every few days to even within the same day. This has been making my relationships, both with my fiance, friends, and family, pretty unstable. With my fiance, I go from absolutely loving him one day to nearly breaking up with him because I thought I didn't want to be with him anymore, to everything being fine and back to wanting to split all within a few days time. It's a vicious cycle that has happened at several different times since we've been together, and I'm really putting him through a lot of emotional turmoil because of it. I also keep going back and forth between wanting to be friends with my current friends to completely resenting them and being mad at them back to everything being fine, even in the same day. I've been pushing away some of my friends because of it.
 In addition, I've been having a major identity crisis lately. I've known that I've had some identity issues for as long as I can remember, but they've been getting worse lately. I feel like I don't know who I am or what I want, and I don't know how or where to begin to figure it all out. After a lot of self-reflection, I've realized that my personality is completely dependent on who I'm around at any given time. I could even be at a party with several friends, and I'll act one way when talking to them and act like a completely different person when talking to the next friend right after. When I completely remove myself from other people--friends, family, acquaintances--I don't know who I really am or what my interests really are.
 I've also been EXTREMELY irritable; I've always had irritability problems, but I'm having a really hard time controlling it anymore. I'll snap at people for the smallest, dumbest things and have to hold myself back from completely going off on them.
 All of these things are making it really hard for me to function lately, and my relationships, school, and health are suffering because of it. I don't have anyone irl that can relate to anything I'm going through, which is why I came to the  r/bipolar  and  r/BPD  communities. If anyone has ANY advice or insight whatsoever, it would be much appreciated, because I could really use it right now."
"Adult adhd ? Schizophrenia? Or planning? Bad luck? Something worse? Please help me  Close  1  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Adult adhd ? Schizophrenia? Or planning? Bad luck? Something worse? Please help me  TL:DR: Is it just bad luck , poor planning or adult adhd? 
 Been on this sub for awhile now . I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 for about 6 years . For about 1 year now, I have been having nightmare-ish days where I can’t leave the house .
 It usually starts with I can’t find my car keys for something . . Or last second when I’m leaving the house . But I’ll say to myself ... I “just had these in my hands “ or I just had this an hour ago ...... since it’s something I need immediately . I’m forced to look for it , which ends up being an all-out tearing the house apart looking for the car keys .
 Tonight . It took me 1 hour and 45 minutes just to find the keys. When I found those, I lost my phone and went looking fo that for another hour .
 At this point . all the crap in my house is allllllll disorganized from searching for the car keys and now from the phone .
 So , I’ve wasted two hours THEN ........ I realized I was missing the cube part of my charger which I am still trying to “find “. I have been home since 530 pmEST and it is now 830 EST and all I’ve done is make a mess “looking “ for shit I had with me all day .  I’m so drained .
 When this first started , it would sometimes take me 6 hours to find things (i wish I was kidding ) . The week of Christmas , I couldn’t leave the whole weekend bc I “lost” my keys... turns out they got kicked under my bed for some reason . I was damn close to being suicidal I was driving myself crazy trying to “find” something that was right under my nose .
 ...I also missed a friends wedding the month prior bc I couldn’t find my keys . I guess I still could of went but i would of been 2 hours late bc it once again took me close to an hour to find them ... I had been rushing that day bc I found a tear in my dress and had to change wardrobe last minute (the bad luck again or no?) ... I wasn’t thinking about car keys. Me missing the wedding obviously ruined our friendship . All over FUCKING car keys . I had my lexapro dosage upped and was sent on my way .
  So , many people including my therapist think that I’m just unorganized or don’t manage time. 
  Here’s something else to consider .. I try to give myself at least 4-5 hours before an event In case something like the day of my friends wedding happening . Of course I won’t lose anything but I’ll say to myself , ok you got ready in enough time , let’s treat yourself to starbucks........ drive through takes HONESTLY 45 minutes for a COFFEE.... and others are waiting with me ..... 45 minutes then my drink is wrong . And then it takes them another 20 minutes to make it ..... like now I just want my money back ...... bc it’s ANOTHER hour of my life literally wasted !!!! I can’t stand it anymore and I realize this post is turning into a rant .
 .. Then , A few weeks ago I was  accused of taking drugs bc I was so late to a friends party bc they had to choose me  of all people  to do the errand running 2 hours before the party . And you can bet everything on my list wasn’t at the first or second store . By the time I got everything I needed the grocery store , they had ONE cashier working on a Saturday afternoon, and  in front me with two overflowing carts of groceries was arguing about coupons ..and I had three things I just wanted to check the fuck out . I had been running around all day in unorganized chaos . Then I get to the party and I was accused of doing drugs (like I wish I could say I was after that day ) so I couldn’t even enjoy myself, and also my work went unappreciated , but that is beside the point . . (Once again is it bad luck or adhd?)
 I don’t think these examples are adult adhd , I think they are bad luck . But something crazy and minor like these have made me late to work , life , everything ....like how much MORE “extra “ time to I need to “prepare” for a day (making sure I have everything and in completely ready for absolutely anything to go wrong ) ???  I’m that girl at work that truly gets stuck behind an accident , a broken down bus , the police have blocked me in the morning before work and it just puts be being all this time and it’s happening so freaking much people don’t believed me ......
 If this is adult adhd I needed something yesterday . I feel so crazy . Someone please help me not feel so alone ."
"only way to describe how i feel is ""hopeless""  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  only way to describe how i feel is ""hopeless""  I've read through about a dozen pages worth of posts in this sub over the last few days trying to get the courage to post something. Sorry if this gets rambly, I'm kind of tired.
 I'm 21F, college student. Was supposed to graduate this month but failed a (ridiculously easy) class, so I'm still in school for another semester. No job because apparently I'm not qualified to do anything, not even retail or food service (trust me, I've applied to dozens of places). I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2 and anxiety but have been off my medication for most of this year because I have no health insurance. I got through most of the year alright but, of course, everything just kind of came crashing down a little over a month ago.
 There have been a number of times over the past month or so when I was so ready to kill myself but instead drank myself into a stupor and just slept until I had to be at school the next day. I got through a lot of it just by making sure I was never alone, or at least as little as possible. I thought about checking myself into inpatient because there were times I was actually afraid of myself, that I might really seriously hurt or kill myself but some rational part of my brain was still there enough for me to realize that wasn't the answer. I've relapsed back into cutting and abusing whatever old prescriptions I've found laying around. I've kind of been a mess.
 Aside from the obvious reasons behind all of this (the chronic mental illness), I've been struggling so much in the last couple of years with what I'm going to do with my life. Now that I'm actually on the verge of graduating and everyone is looking at me all expectantly and waiting for me to have all the answers re: what I'm doing with the rest of my life, it's starting to hit me that I'm not actually as smart or as talented as my family thinks I am. In addition, I have no hobbies or interests, just distractions. I play video games and paint because it keeps me busy, not because I'm in love with either of those things. It's like nothing can bring me real joy. So when people tell me to pick a career I'll be happy doing I get stuck because I'm never really happy - I just have moments where I'm too busy to be sad or angry or whatever else. I just keep seeing myself in 5/10/20 years at some dead-end job I hate, just as depressed as I am now, making crap money and think, ""Might as well end it now, while I'm ahead.""
 Really the only thing stopping me at this point is my family. I know they love me, even if they are a little delusional about how successful I'm going to be, and I would hate to do that to them. I have this whole plan when I finally graduate to move to another state and just cut everyone off. I feel like then it won't be as hard. But there are times when the depression hits me so hard I literally start to feel it as physical pain, like this awful tightness in my chest and all of my muscles lock up and my vision whites out - and those are the times that rational thought can't get through and I just know that one of these days one of those moments will hit and that's when I'll do it. I can feel it coming soon. Like in my head I have this whole year-long, pre-suicide plan where I do all of the things I wanna do, but in reality I think it's just going to happen when it happens and the part of me that likes to plan shit isn't gonna have any say in the matter.
 All I ask is that if you reply to this, please PLEASE don't tell me it's going to get better. Everyone says it's going to get better, and I just know they're lying because no one ever says HOW it's going to get better. I guess if anything I didn't write all of this looking for a response at all. I just needed to get it out and nobody in my life is listening, or really understands how serious things have gotten, and it did feel good to finally express all of this without someone trying to tell me how great life actually is."
What is wrong with me ?  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  What is wrong with me ?  Hello I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2,  but I'm not sure if it's correct. I've been depressed for a long time with some good days in between. The problem is that when I'm feel the depression is making its arrival I welcome it. I some sort of feeling alive and that this is the real me. Real me to have all the holes to sink in,  if they're not there I dig them my self. Thinking to kill my self or in a way get out of this shit. It doesn't my make sense cause I'm want it to be this way. I'm very confused and tired of figure out what's wrong. Just wanted to vent.
How to bring up possible BPD with my psychiatrist?  Questions  Close  5  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  How to bring up possible BPD with my psychiatrist?  Questions  I'm diagnosed with bipolar type 2 and after reading about BPD I recognize a lot of symptoms in myself. I'm wondering whether I should bring this up with my psychiatrist and if so how, without sounding like I'm a mental health hypochondriac. Suggestions welcome!
Starting to feel defeated and frustrated  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Starting to feel defeated and frustrated  I'm just very frustrated with my mental health. I'm diagnosed with bipolar and had a episode about a year ago. Long story short it was bad and I was in institutions for 6 months. I had to move back home and have been here since May. Recently I have been having some severe insomnia and anhedonia. I even got a job and start Wednesday and can't feel any excitement or relief about it, I can't get any sleep without taking pills and even that doesn't work sometimes, and today I'm just feeling absolutely broken without emotion. I really just want to get better I take lithium and often wonder is it making me worse cause I'm surely not feeling any better. Maybe it's just the sleep deprivation that's got me to this point, but the suicidal thoughts are coming back and I just don't wanna deal with them. I'm not suicidal nor do I want to die, but I tired of living with this mental and emotional numbness and pain. I can't even remember what normal feels like anymore. If anyone can give me some words of encouragement I would gladly like to hear it! If anyone is suffering from mental illness, anhedonia or insomnia and have recovered please comment thank you.
"[Text] ""There is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way."" -Thich Nhat Hanh  Close  17  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  [Text] ""There is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way."" -Thich Nhat Hanh  If I ever get a quote tattooed, it would be this, hands down.
 I'm diagnosed with Bipolar I.  Feeling like shit is almost a normality for me.  But so far (I've only been diagnosed for a little over a year), I've remained high-functioning.  That means depression has never really interfered much with my life -- academically, socially, work, etc.  And I live by this quote.
 Now I know this isn't a sub for the clinically depressed, but I think if it can help me be high-functioning, it can definitely help you guys.
 How do I interpret it?
 Stop searching for happiness.  Stop thinking if you just think a little harder, you'll figure it out.  Stop thinking, ""when will it all start for me?""
 Stop making your happiness dependent on your sense of fulfillment, or your sense of purpose, or literally anything else.  Happy people allow their happiness to be independent of everything else.
 Happiness comes from within, and only within.  And you don't have to find it.  You have to manufacture it.
  What did I just say?! 
 Manufacture happiness?  I must me insane.
 Look.  Choose to be happy.  Put your happiness first.  Force it  to be your default state of being, until it naturally is.  Nothing is so important to spoil your happiness.
 We all know that we can manufacture a good mood.  And when you do, you don't look back at it and think, ""wow, that felt so fake.""  You think, ""wow, I felt good for a little while.""
 I challenge you to put in the effort of doing that over and over again until it becomes a habit.  Just like your old coach used to say, ""the one thing you can control is your attitude.""
  Your attitude -->(forms) your perceptions --> your mood --> your attitude. 
 It's a feedback loop, and if I have anything to say about it, it's the key to happiness.
 There is no way to happiness.  Happiness is the way."
Starting Lithium & Propandolol.  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Starting Lithium & Propandolol.  Hey guys, My names Tyler. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Type 1 w/ Severe Depression & PTSD. The doctor is taking me off of two meds I already take Zoloft & Buspar. So I'll be on Lithium, Propandolol, Geodon & Trazadone, Can anyone give me some insight on these two medications?
"Did you have to do a second round of personality forcing? Did your tulpa try to force you? This was going to be a question but it's turned into something like a journal entry, not too sure about readability but I'm gonna follow through with the 'Post' button...  Personal  Close  10  Posted by   Ann and host   3 years ago  Archived  Did you have to do a second round of personality forcing? Did your tulpa try to force you? This was going to be a question but it's turned into something like a journal entry, not too sure about readability but I'm gonna follow through with the 'Post' button...  Personal  We've been doing trait/narration based personality forcing. The traits on the list are almost all positive and at least to some extent morally obligatory. ""Female"" is one of the few that isn't. For the most part no-one is going to hold it against you  as a being  if you're not female---at least I hope not. But most are like ""kind"". My tulpa should be kind. So should you. So should I. Same for loving, brave, creative (in a sense), humble, and a bunch of others. They're her traits but I should have them too like any good person.
 So my tulpa has encouraged these traits in me. She brought it to my attention just tonight that I was unkind to someone. I made a real effort---probably successful---to make him feel bad about himself because I thought he did something wrong. She brought me from not really noticing to regretting it. We've also been conversing about many of the traits in narrative forcing, with me talking about what they mean to me and why they're important, not just me telling her she has them etc. She wants that extra direction. She wants me to have them too.
 That's good, I think. We won't make me Ned Flanders. That's not what we're up to. But I think I'll end up less of a dick. I like that we can force each other. It makes me feel close to her and vulnerable.
 But I worry that once we're done none of the traits we've been forcing will distinguish her from me or just any nice person who is cool. We will both be kind and humble and intelligent. Generic. So I decided we should make a list of traits like female that aren't such as just anyone really should have and then force those. It will be round two. (We brainstormed this list on a walk, without assigning them, though we'll need many more: spontaneous, random, decisive, perverse (not necessarily a bad thing), gregarious, funny, athletic, writer, hot, cute, ugly, happy, dolorous, adventurous, jealous (in a nice way), patient, competitive, chill, literal, private, relentless, family oriented.)
 Did you ever have to do that?
 It's so strange for me to realize how badly I want---and she wants----to force me on such traits. My Polaroid isn't developed any more than hers. I suppose everyone always changes and anyway is complex beyond the articulation of ordinary adjectives. But I think some special circumstances of my life have chased the personality out of me. I can tell she doesn't like that and come to realize I don't either. ""Are you an animal lover?"" I would say ""oh yes of course... animals"" to be polite but I don't know. Yesterday we looked at a groundhog in the parking lot for ten minutes while I told her all about the local fauna. I couldn't tell you though. Would I even like a pet? I just don't know.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder (type 1). That's the main thing that seems to subvert the sort of personality you can touch with concepts. It's such a weird experience to come into or go out of an episode, especially when it's sudden. I was drugged out of a depression a couple months ago. And not by a nice and slow SSRI, mind. This was an antipsychotic light switch. My life---pathetic as it had become---evaporated like a bomb fell. Beliefs, values, habits, desires, fears, obsessions, regrets, hatred. You think they're  you  and then: Boom! Gone. And you're still there, you know it's you though you have no idea how that's even possible or even more than just general facts about you and you have to buy a new diary. Add in that you're shy too---afraid to be vulnerable around others---and you always think of all the complexities in anything, and you just get erased and stay blank. (Of course I know me beyond any description even through the changes, but when people ask me my preferences on things, for example, I almost always just use a chance method because I don't know.)
 I never expected this would all be part of forcing a tulpa. The other day when we were grocery shopping I told her what families are because we saw so many children and I said absent-mindedly I would probably never have a family because of my mental illnesses and all of a sudden she hugged me. In my mind I could feel a hug. I was so surprised and still feel so loved. I can't even say how grateful I am.
 It feels good to be forcing each other."
"Depression and mood reactivity  Questions  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Depression and mood reactivity  Questions  I'm having a really hard time right now. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, but not BPD. (However, I think I might have both.)
 I'm in the middle of a severe depressive episode that's been going on for about a week (I told my therapist about this yesterday). Every time something even slightly bad goes wrong, I instantly get suicidal urges.
 I'm not looking for a diagnosis here, but I do want to know if this instant mood reactivity is something that can happen with depression, or if it really has to be BPD.
 My therapist seemed leery when I told him I had instant mood reactivity.
 I'm also not fully stable (obviously because I'm depressed), so I'm a bit lost here. I haven't paid much attention to my moods since my diagnosis is relatively new"
"Meds are complicated and I am terrified  Close  4  Posted by   F**k this s**t   4 years ago  Archived  Meds are complicated and I am terrified  Long story short, the medication management places I've been dealing with seem to be super strict about your attendance but pretty lax on their own. For the time being I have one week's worth of Wellbutrin and no Lamictal, and I don't know when that's going to change. I'm diagnosed with bipolar two (with only two or three hypomanic episodes in my life). I have never experienced mania, but I've had it drilled into me that Wellbutrin without a mood stabilizer can possibly swing me into full blown mania. There is no way to get Lamictal right now (they won't give me refills over the phone) and I'm kind of just in limbo waiting to hear back about an appointment.
 I'm terrified. I've never dealt with mania before. I've seen it in my half-sister, but that was in an abusive situation and she's kinda had a fucked up life in general so I don't know if her mania is ""normal"" mania, for lack of a better phrase. I live in a really supportive environment, but I'm scared. When I try to look up information, both for myself and for my boyfriend and our family, all I'm finding is scary things about having to call the police and hospitalizations. I don't think I'd go violent. I don't think I would be a danger to anyone. I don't think I'd sneak out of the house to find drugged up prostitutes. And I really don't like the idea that I wouldn't be in control of myself. I don't like the thought that I would do things that I wouldn't be responsible for, because I feel like anything I do would still be done by  me , even if the disorder was influencing it. I can't focus on anything today because I'm so fucking scared. And I know I shouldn't be, because I was on anti-depressants for a year before the BP diagnosis and I never experienced full mania, and even if I go manic, I have people here who will support me, but I'm still scared. I'm even worried that believing I'll have a manic phase will be a self-fulfilling prophecy.
 Does anyone have any tips/reassurances/places I can go to find info to give my boyfriend that won't make him want to call out of work to avoid the off chance of me running away to join a cocaine circus while home alone?"
"LD with insomnia  Close  8  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  LD with insomnia  Can I have lucid dreams when I have problems falling asleep? I have prescribed benzo for anxiety and sleep problems (xanax), and can only sleep with that, or sometimes simply I just go with few beers. Without these I'm unable to sleep, but I'm almost sure that these kinds of substances affect sleep patterns negatively. How can I solve this problem? Also I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder,and experiencing with lucid dreaming since few months.
 Edit: the best I have achieved was some semi-lucid dream, when I was able to control my flying for a couple of minutes."
What would happen if a bipolar doesn't have any money and gets impulsive at buying things? Would they steal?  Close  1  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  What would happen if a bipolar doesn't have any money and gets impulsive at buying things? Would they steal?  I have been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder and someone asked me like how is it possible that spending spree only happens to people who are capable of doing it. I don't really know how to answer him.
"How to handle SO's parents who can't seem to grasp mental illness?  Close  6  Posted by   Bipolar II   5 years ago  Archived  How to handle SO's parents who can't seem to grasp mental illness?  Long story short: My SO moved in with me (and my best friend) around 4 months ago, all has been going well in our relationship. His parents have never really visited us, but tomorrow they're coming by in the afternoon. They seem to like me, and they know I'm diagnosed with bipolar II. However, they can't seem to grasp what mental illness means. My SO has his own struggles, but his parents attitude has been ""you were born healthy so you are healthy now"". When my SO talked with them about me taking a break from studies this fall because I'm too sick for it, they asked why didn't I study something useful instead? (I'm fluent in 2 languages, currently learning a 3rd, aiming at a masters degree in translation, and I already have an extra job doing translations and proofreading...) My SO also studies languages, and his goal is basically the same as mine. Also, I got out of the psychiatric hospital last week and am still unstable as fuck.
 So they are visiting tomorrow, I like them and they seem to like me, but I'm nervous as hell over trying to have everything perfect. Or at least not have the apartment look like a dump. Cleaning is not our strong side, and we have a lot of animals as well... Woho for anxiety attacks over the vacuum cleaner and such!
 How have you dealt with parents/SO's parents/etc who are having trouble grasping the whole thing? I don't want to get upset and yell at them, or have a break down, or any such thing. I just want to be able to calmly explain the situation, the hows and whys, in a way they are open to understanding. Do I lend them some books on the subject? Do I show them a copy of my doctors last letter to my health insurance explaining in medical terms why I won't be able to function 100% within a year? I'm afraid they'll just think I'm a slacker with lame excuses for not getting a ""real education/job"" and unrealistic dreams for the future.
 I never had to deal with this with my own parents, luckily, they have been extremely supporting and understanding. Random person at a party I discuss similar things with I have no problems making my enemy (they don't like me, their loss), but that approach won't work here...
 So, help? How did you handle it? Tips? Advice? Ideas?"
"Inappropriate texts got to me  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Inappropriate texts got to me  Hello, so I'm a bit of an emotional and mental mess right now. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Type 2 and I'm on my third week on meds hence the unstable state of mind.
 Anyway, something really got to me, badly and I can't shake it of. A guy that I met randomly a few days ago found me on facebook and sent a very suggestive and inappropriate message, I'm a guy too by the way and I'm not gay and I definitely didn't feel or interpreted the situation as sexual at all but this really set things in motion in my head. ""Am I SURE that I'm straight? Do I send out gay vibes? Is this guy going to look me up in real life?"". Idk, it just made me feel very insecure because it's not something that I really expected, I'm very insecure about myself as is and this just adds to it.
 Most likely the guy is a random creep and I shouldn't care too much but it made me really uncomfortable and I haven't been able to shake it since yesterday when I saw it."
FibroHELP please  Frustrated  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  FibroHELP please  Frustrated  I'm 24 years old and have been diagnosed with fibromyalgia. In September 2014 I was hit by a car, hit and run no less, and thought nothing of it. Couple days later my body started to ache. I had a badly bruised rib and my knee was out of shape. Couple months later, after I was healed, my body was still aching. It was deep and it was dull. But it was there. I went to my family doctor and he recommended I see someone 'to talk about my pain' 5 therapists and 6 doctors later, thousands and thousands down the drain, time wasted and I was still in the worst pain I had ever felt. I wanted to just quit. I started becoming really closed off and I couldn't remember things. My mood would go up and down. And I would shake. My body would shake. And doctors still told me 'you just think it hurts' I said screw it. I packed up went to the states and within a week I had my diagnosis. I've never been so relieved, so happy. And then I realized I'd have this, I'd be in pain all the time. In the summer time, I finally met someone amazing and we went to the beach for our third date. I jumped in the water and as soon as my body felt that water, that instantaneous shock of cold. I couldn't breathe. My body was pierced with pain, I couldn't move and I was just so embarrassed. That night I realized I can no longer swim in the ocean...or lake or any outdoor anything for that matter. It's almost been a year since my diagnosis and I haven't taken anything. No pain killers no antidepressants (I was on those as I'm diagnosed with bipolar-depression) my mood swings are worse than ever and so is my pain. I start my day with a limit of 9 spoons and always find myself reaching for more, more of the spoons I don't even have. I guess I'm just ranting, but I do have a question...is there anything I can do to make this less unbearable ? Should I just cave and go back on the meds ? Please help.
What is the actual difference between "regular" bipolar disorder and schizoaffective disorder?  Close  9  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  What is the actual difference between "regular" bipolar disorder and schizoaffective disorder?  I'm wondering because I feel that my former therapist might have suspected that a schizoaffective disorder would be more accurate than bipolar. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2.
"Was this behavior manic or normal?  Close  1  Posted by   Meh...   4 years ago  Archived  Was this behavior manic or normal?  Up until a week ago, I used an organizer and planned virtually everything I did. I planned lots of different tasks, related to different aspects of my life (from social life to finance). I even planned when I should go to sleep and get up, and developed a good sleeping habit - I went to bed early and woke up early as well.
 The only goal I had in mind back then was to improve my quality of life as much as possible, as soon as possible. I wanted to improve everything - my social life, my appearance, my weight and health, my income and education, as well as some skills (like programming). I created small tasks associated with each goal and wrote them down in my organizer. And most of the time, I actually completed them.
 Was this behavior manic? Or was it just healthy, productive behavior?
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder by the way, and taking medication."
"Fear of socializing, fear of contacting your old friends, etc.  Close  2  Posted by   Neo   5 years ago  Archived  Fear of socializing, fear of contacting your old friends, etc.  So as of now I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and an autism spectrum disorder, but schizophrenia is one of the diagnoses I had received in the past.
 So due to some circumstances, such as depression, I cut off contact with all of my friends, forums, Facebook, etc. Now, I'm afraid of messaging my friends back or replying to old messages. I've completely withdrawn socially.
 What I want to ask is: has anybody else encountered something similar? What is this phenomenon called? How do I make it go away?"
Feel lonely :(  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Feel lonely :(  I'm want to talk with someone about my problems in private. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder :)
"Every year around this time I start to feel severely depressed. Every year I get closer to the edge. I never recovered from left last years depression, and I'm feeling like this winter might be my last.  Close  14  Posted by  9 years ago  Archived  Every year around this time I start to feel severely depressed. Every year I get closer to the edge. I never recovered from left last years depression, and I'm feeling like this winter might be my last.  In a nutshell:
   My mother almost died of a heart attack this year.
   I lost my grandmother this year. We were close.
   I lost my girlfriend soon after for reasons I can't understand.
   I've watched all my friends abandon me.
   No girl wants to date me.
   I've failed on what was a promising diet and healthy living initiative.
   I'm broke, failing school, I've got a mountain of debt (hosptal bills, school, loans). Not even the first job option.
   I've been to the doctor before a few times. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder. A few years ago I had it all going for me. I was living on my own, I had a good job and hot girlfriends. I had tons of friends and I was fucking happy. It's like I had reached the top of a mountain and slipped, now I'm falling to my death.
 I can't even get one girl (out of 15) to respond to a message I sent on OKCupid. I can't even get ONE job to call me back, even though I was a supervisor at a fortune 50 company. I finally get asked to a party last night and I didn't go because I don't even have the motivation to pretend like I'm happy anymore. I'm realizing that I'm too intellectually inadequate to achieve the degree I want, which is what I've always considered the one thing I want to do with my life.
 I can't do this anymore. I never wanted to post in this subreddit. I never thought that I would get this far. No longer do I think about the future with me in it. I wonder instead what's going to become of certain people when I'm gone? Who will I be hurting the most?
 I'd say I hit rock bottom, but I thought I was there last year. Now I WISH I was where I was last year.
  Edit:  My mom got rushed to the hospital this morning. She didn't look good, very out of it. I feel like everything is falling apart."
"My new medication change is making things hard.  Close  3  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  My new medication change is making things hard.  I just got on Ritalin for the first time since I was little. Today is only the second day, but I already feel like it's ruining everything.
 I've been stable and feeling good for a long time. I've been on the same prescriptions for at least two years. I had been feeling good about myself, healthy, stable in my moods, and reasonably happy.
 But now I feel awful. My self-esteem is in the toilet. I'm moody, I'm sensitive, and I feel like crying throughout the day. I know I've made a lot of progress over the years, and my psychiatrist of 11+ years says I'm the most responsible mentally ill young person he's ever treated. I take all my medication every day at the same time (I even have a watch set). I've worked so hard. So, so hard just to try to be functional and I know this may be wrongheaded, but I've fought to come off as normal as well. If you met me, you would probably never suspect that I'm disabled. I've done so much to try to live a normal life. I take care of my teeth, my hygeine, my own bills, my social responsibilities. I'm unemployed right now, but it's so I can take care of my dad, who had a heart attack two years ago and is in a wheelchair, but I had a job for over half a year where I fit in with no one the wiser. And it was a HARD job. Average day was 11 hours and I once worked a 19-hour day. And I was the one who left. But now I feel like I just have nothing. I feel like I don't have friends, even though I do, and I feel like I haven't made any progress, even though I have.
 I've been here before. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, GAD, panic disorder with agoraphobia, ADD, hypothyroidism, and I've got sleep apnea on top of it. I usually don't dwell on it, but I'm back to feeling like I got fucked sideways by genetics. I'm on so many pills I can't even remember how many I take each day most of the time. I think it's two Lamictal, three Klonopin, one Lithium, one and a half Liothyronine, one Levothyroxine, one Pristiq, and now one Ritalin.
 My attention span is improving, but I just feel so ruined. Like I'm falling apart. I'm being pushed to my limits for the millionth time. I'll never give up, ever. Life is too precious. But I'm just hitting bottom. I've felt for years that the only way to rehabilitate is to do it all yourself, so I'm not used to reaching out for help, but I just feel so helpless and awful.
 I don't know what to do. I don't even fully know why I'm here. I guess I just need to reach out. Can someone help me? This is terrible. I'm so sick."
"DAE feel like an adult with no purpose?  Close  3  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  DAE feel like an adult with no purpose?  I suffer from several things, none of which anyone but my mom understands.  I became agoraphobic after being gang raped as a teen.  Spent 2+ years inside.  I worked through it and got soo much better.  In fact, I was totally confident going out alone to any place at all.  I was also diagnosed ptsd and Bipolar shortly after the trauma.  I've spent most of my adult life at the hospital.  I'd have really dangerous manic episodes and depression so bad that my only goal was to die.  I've had hallucinations, auditory and visual.  I underwent ECT treatments, 12 bilaterally.  About 5 yrs ago a dr at NYP diagnosed me with borderline personality disorder.  Now on top of the things they say I have, I have some major problems I've never shared with any doctor regarding food and weight loss.  I hardly ever eat, I basically live on Dr. Pepper.  Almost anything I try to eat, I end up puking.
 I feel like at 35 I have absolutely no idea who I am, what I'm doing, where I'm headed, etc.  Everything I've ever tried I've failed at or started and never finished.  Never been married, never been a mother, I feel like I've succeeded at absolutely nothing.  Currently I am homeless in NYC and getting my healthcare at a clinic called Housing Works.  The reason I switched to this clinic is because of the focus on housing and it's been months and I haven't even met with anyone yet (their fault).  Not to mention my psychiatrist there may or may not be licensed.  I often have to tell her what different meds are for, etc and she literally only prescribes me Prozac when I have been diagnosed with bipolar, bpd, ptsd and agoraphobia.  I've spent my life hospitalized most of the time and at one of the most difficult times in my life (in recovery from drug addiction), I'm given practically nothing.
 This might be the strangest part of it all but sometimes I feel like it really sucks that I look so ""normal"".  People look at me or people who know me (but not super personally) are always judging me because all they see is a young, thin, attractive, otherwise healthy young woman and can't understand why I do NOTHING with my life.  Sometimes I wish my disability was more visible.
 I've been studied and labeled all my life and it's really a sad existence.  Most of my good days were because I used illegal substances to self medicate.  I've been clean and sober for a few months now and I cannot describe what it's like.  I'm in a very deep depression that feels different from anything I've ever experienced...I've been writing and editing this for weeks and nothing I say seems to really express what I'm feeling.  I don't even know who I'm writing this to...literally nobody cares.  If it weren't for my mom, who knows what other trouble I'd get myself into.
 Sometimes I think that maybe if I became more social, found a partner or moved or something things might be better.
 Does anyone out there have a similar story?  It would be great to make a connection with someone in Brooklyn or NYC but even if you're not close I'd really enjoy a conversation; even if it's just pming.  This is the first time I've ever reached out like this, I use reddit for research mostly but made this throwaway account to post this.
 Please, I'd love to hear from you. Thanks xo"
"Anyone with combination of Lexapro Lamictal Seroquel? Or knowing anything about them? How's it like for you guys?  Close  3  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  Anyone with combination of Lexapro Lamictal Seroquel? Or knowing anything about them? How's it like for you guys?  I'm diagnosed with bipolar 5 years ago. The cocktail given is
  Lamictal 50 mg (to be taken every night) Seroquel half of 25 mg (when I can't sleep... which happen to be every night) Lexapro 5 mg (my doc said Lexapro can be taken or not taken he leaves it to my judgement. I have been told that it will elevate my moods.)    I have moved abroad for master's degree. The transition has been rough. I relied on 3 of them for at least 4 months now.
 But I have realised that Lexapro tend to make me very happy yes but I can not write anything academic at all. This will not be the same for everyone but for me it's almost like I have become atrociously dimmed. Exam was coming up so 5 days before exam I stopped Lexapro. I can feel (in my ESL level) that I have become more eloquent. More words to pull from my head. More thoughts and ideas are easier to pull out and links between ideas become more apparent.
 But after stop taking Lexapro I have realised that with combination of Lamictal and Seroquel:
   I have gain ridiculous amount of appetite. I can be hungry all the time. It's not disgusting but it's very not nice because I feel sick later from eating. (and it is scary to be eating a lot)
   Sex drive must have been up by 500% or some shit good god. It's very distracting... End up spending half of my day dealing with it.
 Anyone else finding this? How do you deal with this? Anything on Lexapro? Or Lamictal? Seroquel?
   most important (not really more like the most ridiculous and I don't know who to ask question) HOW DO I STOP BEING HUNGRY ALL THE TIME?
 I was going to ask my doctor but he lies. A lot. I trust him but I want to gather information first. I have been told that these meds will not effect my writing or my study but mannnnnnnnn come on.
 I have never anyone with Bipolar apart from myself before... I hope some of you can enlighten me. This thread and another bipolar thread had helped me in control of myself. Well not really absolute control but I become more aware of what is happening and become less scared. So thank you.
 PS. Stop taking Lexapro after many months of it throw me into depression and nervous breakdown. That was scary... I have very good people around me and they are very understanding and I got off lucky..."
"[x-post from /r/depression] Atypical depression and lack of positive vision  Close  2  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  [x-post from /r/depression] Atypical depression and lack of positive vision  [for context, I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II (ultra-rapid cycling, atypical depression), Asperger's, Avoidant PD]
 As far as I can remember, whenever I came out of depressive phases, it was always because I had ""a plan"" on how I could turn my life around. Of course I can't know if I was able to see a way out because I was switching to hypomania, but it felt more like the other way around.
 After a severe breakdown a few months ago, I'm slowly accepting that the traditional idea of having a career and having a relationship is unrealistic for me, even with medication and psychotherapy. The process is slow because I'm a borderline case - I seem to  almost  be able to get there, but not quite. This applies to both social and professional success. Everything is now leaning towards giving up, mainly because of my many psychological issues. I'm really burned out at the moment.
 Now, even assuming that I can find other ways to support myself (which is somewhat realistic), I find it very difficult to see the point in living like that. In other words, this time, there is no plan.
 I feel like I bet everything on a certain outcome of life, and now I can't let go of how it all went wrong. I can't stop thinking about the past, about my one and only relationship, about missed opportunities and embarrassment in the professional world. About how oblivious I've been in the past. I desperately want to go back and fix it all, and I feel like it's too late now. I'm so ...  old .
 I guess my question is: how do you accept a situation like this? How do you come to terms with having certain qualifications and skills and not being able to use them even though everyone tells you how easy it should be to get a job with those? How do you come to terms with the loneliness and with not having a SO to experience life with? Having someone to travel with, someone to support and be supported by felt so good when I had it, but I just can't see how this will happen again any time soon. At best, I might be able to get there in a few years, assuming that anyone I would want would also want me with all my defects."
"Going psychotic again after more than 1 year of stability... FUCK!  Close  6  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Going psychotic again after more than 1 year of stability... FUCK!  To begin with, I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Type 1 disorder.
 So in the past week I started making plans like this: I want to create and lead a guerrilla warfare movement with the goal of creating a small social democratic breakaway state around the Eastern Belarus/Eastern Ukraine/Western Russia region. I'm a native Russian speaker by the way, so language won't be a problem.
 So I'm going psychotic, am I not? Is this plan realistic at all? Or is it a manifestation of delusions of grandeur? I think it's most likely the letter. Fucking shit. It felt so good to be stable. But now I'm going manic again."
"I don't know how to explain how I feel  Close  2  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  I don't know how to explain how I feel  Goddammit I don''t know how to explain how I feel but I'm so full of anxiety and depression it's ridiculous. I'm diagnosed with bipolar type 2 and recently my psychiatrist said she may think it's type 1 instead. That and general anxiety disorder. I lost my job recently. I found a new one relatively quickly and start it soon but I'm such a wreck it's unbelievable.
 It's maddening
 I understand why people kill themselves, I think.
 I would if i weren't so afraid of the unknown. The Dizzee Rascal lyric sums it up nicely:
 ""*Sometimes I wake up wishing I could sleep for good
 And if I had the guts to end it all, believe I would*""
 I've been to the hospital several times and admitted to the psychiatric wing because of suicidal ideations but I can't go now because it would screw up me starting my new job in the next few days and it doesn't really help other than providing a place that's been suicide-proofed. I've seen my therapist twice in the past three days and have spent almost as much time at the gun store trying to convince myself to buy a gun and just do it, end it all. My close friends tell me either to snap out of it or that it upsets them when I talk like this but I'm just trying to be honest with them. If I could snap out of it I would I don't want to feel like I want to die. My therapist said she feels bad for me because she enjoys her life and is upset that it's half over and I'm nearly half her age and don't enjoy mine and that really hit me hard for some reason; I guess because it's true.
 I dunno where I'm going with any of this but I figure maybe someone here will understand and I might get some better responses than ""snap out of it"" or ""it bothers me when you talk like that"""
Anxiety has just suddenly started, I'm not sure what to do  Close  2  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Anxiety has just suddenly started, I'm not sure what to do  Over the past 6 weeks my anxiety has been getting worse and worse, I've never experienced anything like it and it's worrying me. I'm diagnosed with bipolar, but anxiety to the point where I can't leave the house and 15mg of diazepam do nothing, that's new and I'm not sure how to deal with it.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
"Going psychotic again after 1 year of stability... FUCK!  Close  1  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Going psychotic again after 1 year of stability... FUCK!  So I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Type 1 disorder, and haven't had any manic episodes or psychosis for over a year now. However, it seems as though I'm going psychotic again. Am I?
 Here's what I think might be a delusional/psychotic idea: I want to create and lead a medium-sized guerrilla warfare movement with the goal of creating a small social democratic breakaway republic somewhere around Belarus/Ukraine/Russia. I'm a native Russian speaker by the way. I've read a lot on guerrilla warfare, coups d'etat and revolutions.
 I know that this idea is delusional/unrealistic, but why is it? Other revolutionaries were able to do similar things, weren't they? Why can't I recruit, say, 300 members by printing pamphlets, creating propaganda videos (with the help of other members), spreading the video tapes; by TV signal hijacking with the goal of broadcasting our propaganda?
 So yes, I seem to be going (mildly) psychotic. Someone, please talk me out of my delusion. I'm tired of it - I had it when I had another manic episode and it just ended up wasting so much of my time ""planning"" how I would carry out such a goal."
"I'm so sorry.  Close  5  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  I'm so sorry.  This letter's to my ex, whom I'll call J.  She's engaged to a former friend of mine, whom I'll call JC.
 Part of me hopes she stumbles across this, but most of me is afraid my re-entry into her life even long enough to read this would hurt her, so I'll refrain from sending it.
  J,
 Hey... it's D.  I feel really fucking weird writing this message to you, two years after the end of our year-long relationship, but I need to.  Please allow me one last moment of selfishness, and hear me out as I try to express how I've felt, looking back on our time together.  I want to open this whole thing by expressing that I'm not romantically attached to you any more;  This isn't some desperate ploy to re-earn your affections.
 I just want to tell you, I am so fucking sorry.  I am ""over"" you now romantically, but I can't help but still feel so guilty from a person-to-person level.  I was controlling, paranoid, and pushy.  What I did that last night we were together, I don't know that I can ever forgive myself for.  I am so, so incredibly sorry... I lay awake at night, wondering what kind of impact my actions have had on you to this day.  I'm so afraid I broke such a good heart, that you still hold fear and anxiety over the things I did.
 I in no way mean to justify or minimize what I did to you, but I want you to understand where it all came from, so maybe you can see the ""why"" and overcome the ""how.""
 When we first met, I'd just lost almost everything in my life.  I was vulnerable, and I clung to you like my trauma sponge;  That was unwise, and most of all unkind.  I loved you so much, but now I realize I loved a version of you that you could never live up to.  I am so sorry I set that bar impossibly high for someone who was so great to begin with.
 When I heard you mention you were a furr like me, in the middle of an area where I had nobody like myself, I instantly started overlooking things that would come to cause problems between us later on.  I was blind, and dishonest with myself and you.  You were cute and fun, but so completely not ready for the intensity I would bring to the relationship... for the jealousy as the crude people around us would act slimey.  You suffered because I had shitty friends, and because I used you as a crutch;  I'm sorry I didn't take better care of you.
 Towards the end of the relationship, I began to unravel.  I lost the person closest to me in this world, and you tried to help me through that time.  Unfortunately, I was so busy being unhappy with the world that I started mentally hilighting the things I used to ignore, but at the same time I couldn't let you go.  I was unfaithful, and the guilt from that caused me to have a nervous breakdown.  I've been seeing specialists, who seem pretty sure I was psychotic when I came to visit you that night.  I'm sorry you got caught in my self destruction.
 That same night, after you said you forgave me even though I'd pulled out a knife and asked you to hurt me for what I'd done 1,  I begged and pleaded until you agreed to make love to me.  I want you to know that wasn't about lust, or power, or anything like that at all... I felt like I was losing it all, and I was desperately reaching out to try to grasp hold any way I could.  I honestly and truly, in my fucked up state, thought that would bring us closer--That I could express how much I loved you through sex.  I never, ever meant to hurt you or victimize you, and I am so sorry for what I did.
  1  About the knife thing... I might have told you this when you called me to tell me it was over, but I want you to know, that wasn't meant literally.  I was so fucked up in the head from everything going on, that I totally overlooked how you'd react/take it.  It was meant to be symbolic, poetic even.  I never intended to truly get a weapon involved, and I know that scared you so much.  I am so sorry.
 I won't lie;  In the past, I've contemplated suicide over what I've done, especially to you.  What happened between us went against everything I've ever hoped to be as a person, and in the process I know I hurt someone so beautiful.  I'm not suicidal now, thanks to a lot of work and close calls... I'm seeing someone else now, and I've told her what happened.  I've made sure she knows she's with someone who's had breaks from reality and done some fucked up things.  I'm diagnosed with Bipolar, PTSD, depression, anxiety, and potentially BPD now;  I only wish I'd gotten this kind of help before I broke your heart.
 I am so sorry, and I wish you and JC a great life together.  He's a good guy, and you deserve that.  I know I'm something of a boogie-man to you now, and I'm OK with that.  I deserve that at the least, and I owe you enough that I won't send this to you.  I'll stay out of your life, placing my bets that he's helping you to overcome your past as it is.  It would do me a world of good to hear that you forgive me, but I know in my heart that's unlikely, so I'll deal with what I've done, and always carry this feeling of guilt.
 I'm so sorry.  Goodbye."
Did MDMA (the pure stuff, too) for the first time in I can't even remember how long!  Close  3  Posted by  8 years ago  Archived  Did MDMA (the pure stuff, too) for the first time in I can't even remember how long!  Took a couple and had an amazing night with friends and the boyfriend. It's been a long time since I've been off medications and able to partake. Feels good, man. Feels good. Anyone care to share their experiences with MDMA while on anti-depressants or mood stabilizers and how they affected your treatment? My background story is that I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder I.
"Harming people I care about just by existing because I'm a leech  Close  2  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  Harming people I care about just by existing because I'm a leech  I can't work. I have the skills, I have access to work, but I can't do it. I panic, I procrastinate, I doubt my ability to do my work satisfactorally, I hate it so much I cry. I can make $40/hour, but I'm lucky if I make $15 in a week. My best friend and my sister have to cover my share of the bills because I just can't fucking do it. I can't do other work.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and ADHD and probably have Asperger's (I can't afford to go to a doctor that will do a legit diagnosis, but my psych and therapist agree. Good at faking normal anyway).
 I'm getting more and more depressed and loathing myself more and more. It's not clinical stuff, either--I know what that sort of depression feels like. I'm energetic, I have fun with the things I enjoy, none of the symptoms of when I'm depressed-depressed. My Lamictal's doing it's job, there.
 I thought when I finally started getting ADHD meds I could get my shit together, but I can't actually start assignments or fill out job applications for something mindless because...I don't know why. Nothing works. Do therapy, feel motivated and ready to go again, get home and can't work. Try to set schedules, get stressed by them and stop.
 I could probably qualify for medical disability, I'm so fucked up, but I don't want to be looked down on for the rest of my life--and who the fuck is going to date a 23-year-old so messed up in the head the government has to cut him checks?
 I think I could maybe do work in a field related to my special interest, but I defaulted on my loans after dropping out a while back. I can't get money together, so I can't get them fixed. It's be research and academia, so doing it sans degree is completely impossible.
 I want to make a living as a fiction writer and know I have the talent, but I feel ashamed and hate myself when I work on novels but don't do my work because I'm wasting my limited ability to focus (and write, my job is writing).
 My job...if I write one sentence, I can write the entire article and make $7-30 depending in 15-30 minutes. I can't write that sentence. I open Word. I stare at it. I try to open a stupid time waster website, realize I've got my site blocker turned on, realize I need to go back to Word. Stare at it for a while, getting more stressed.
 What the fuck should I do?
 Do I give up on every shred of pride and try to get on SSI? I guess maybe I could use it as a crutch to get my shit together, but I'm terrified that I'd just keep up my same habits and be useless forever.
 I've been like this my whole life, by the way. I passed high school because I'm a genius and aced tests, but I couldn't do homework or projects at all. I even kept that up in college, but I'd only go to class for tests and eventually I started flunking because they got strict about attendance and I still couldn't go."
I am so tired of being tired all the time  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I am so tired of being tired all the time  I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and anxiety. I know being tired comes with depression so sometimes I get why I’m so tired. I also have an iron problem so I take iron regularly. However, even when I get a good night’s sleep I still feel tired. I feel like no matter how much I sleep or how little, I’ll still be tired the next day. I have no energy to do most things a lot of the time and feel like I’m way more tired than most. I’ve also even had blood tests done several times to make sure nothing was wrong but they all came back fine. Any advice or anyone feeling the same way?
"Is bipolar disorder a real thing?  Close  0  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Is bipolar disorder a real thing?  I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder but, I always feel like I don't have it when I feel good and I should quit meds. What do you think? Was these ups and downs my mistakes? Or I was forced to have them?
 I am confused I need help.
 Btw, I'm 24. College student."
"stuck in redpill depression. how to find motivation?  Close  5  Posted by  12 months ago  Archived  stuck in redpill depression. how to find motivation?  I think I've swallowed too many redpills and now have no motivation to chase girls in any way. The ladies here (NZ) are also not attractive at all - it's a fat and slutty nation. Add in STD's, pregnancy risk/child support, hypergamy, AWALT, false rape accusations.... Why the fuck bother with all that risk, as well as all the emotional drama and shit testing bullshit? For what... some sex and company with someone who will probably just leave me for someone with higher SMV, and never loved me for who I am in the first place?
 I guess I've been infected with a MGTOW mindset far too young (22) before really experiencing the world for myself. Sex has been basically handed to me in the past, too easy, and disappointing honestly. But now I'm on a long dry streak because I burned bridges and never bothered to try and get laid again.
 I don't feel like doing anything at all. It feels like I have to force myself even to do basic shit. All I have been doing this year is lifting and fapping, gaming and sleeping. I keep trying to quit the porn, masturbation and gaming but keep relapsing...
 I know I should also be studying and developing skills for a career but I just don't seem to care enough. I also have no idea how to make and keep proper friends.
 Just bored of life. I do nothing yet it's exhausting. I hate feeling like this. I'm diagnosed with bipolar I and now that I look back I've actually always been like this since i started PMO and video game addiction. The opposite of addiction is connection, right? Well I can't seem to connect to anyone or anything, I have no friends, close family, or passions. If I didn't exist nothing would change, it's like nothing matters to me and I don't matter at all.
 I really want to live a better life because I'm sick of this. But it's just so frustrating not having any energy to start taking action and seriously making improvements.
 If it matters, I think I have a solid baseline to work with, being white, tall (6""2), handsome (girls have ALWAYS crushed on me), fit (with a bit lower bf% I'd have the brad pitt in fight club body), and smart (~130 IQ). Apart from all that it's like I'm starting from scratch in every other area - shitty social skills, no game, no job experience etc."
"I hit my father, am having a panic attack and want to kill myself  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I hit my father, am having a panic attack and want to kill myself  My dog was barking a lot and my father started to complain aloud with him. I left my room and went to the living room where my dog was to take his blanket off him so he'd stop barking. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and Anxiety. My dog tried to bite me and I got really angry and yelled at him. I said ""I'm going to kick the shit out of you, stupid dog"" because I was really angry, but I neved advanced to do anything against it.
 My father yelled at me and I lost it and yelled back. My mom started to yell at me saying that he's my father and he can yell at me as much as he want and I told her to stfu because he yelled first and I was only protecting myself. My father advanced at me and I pushed him back. I was yelling the shit out of my throat, completely enraged, because they were saying everything was my fault and that I was indeed going to hurt my own dog, which I never did.
 When we all calmed myself a bit I got lectured by them, I told them I was so much better at my BD treatment but they still think I do those things because I want to and they said they didn't see any evolution in me so it was my fault that they thought I was going to kill the dog.
 Right now I feel like dropping myself off the seventh floor. I have no job, no girlfriend, nothing worth living for. I'm 28, a failure of a man for still living with my parents, and a sick fuck that spend almost $200 on meds every month, and still the people that lives with me can't see any evolution in me. I went to the doctor and he's put me on antibiotics because I almost destroyed my throat from all that yelling.
 Now I can't sleep, I can't do anything because intrusive thoughts of the fight keep appearing in my head, and then a voice tells me to kill myself, because it'll always be like that. If I get a girlfriend, or wife, or something, I'll just yell and lose everything. It's better to kill myself now than wait for it. It hurts, and I know that this post'll only be ""another diseased one's post"", so no one'll take it seriously. That just shows that I really ought to kill myself in the next few hours."
"Thoughts on seeking help?  QUESTION  Close  4  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Thoughts on seeking help?  QUESTION  Hi! I've been seeing Dr. Katigbak, I just had my 2nd session last week. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder II. Now taking 5mg of Lexdin and a mood stabilizer.
 But I've been having a hard time venting to my doctor. She's great but I can't just put clearly into words what I want to say.
 Any help on this? And thoughts about Dra. Katigbak?"
Psych recs  HELP  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Psych recs  HELP  Hello! I'm looking for a psychiatrist. Licensed sana, not a resident, and also from medical city pasig if possible. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II. Please also describe your recommended psych's behavior towards her patients. Would appreciate the responses!
"I'm Tired...  Close  2  Posted by    9 months ago  Archived  I'm Tired...  I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, ptsd, ocd,and associative identity disorder. My head is the most fucked up thing I know. I've tried to commit suicide four times already. All failed attempts. Drowning, overdose, strangulation, and hanging. I've been to the hospital so many times, the mental ward knows my name.
 This year was gonna be the one for me, but it's too much. I've fucked myself up too many times and there's no going back for me.
 Only things that have been stopping me for so long was my fear of going to Hell and my family. I don't care anymore. No one cares and I'd be forgotten in an instant.
 I'm going to kill myself on my birthday. next month, no regrets. Maybe sooner. Already started on my suicide note"
"Does Lamotragine help most people? (Non-bipolar)  Close  3  Posted by   Bipolar 1 - Autistic - PTSD - ADHD   1 year ago  Archived  Does Lamotragine help most people? (Non-bipolar)  [Long-time poster, can't get into other account because phone was stolen and I was dumb and kept my passwords on it]
  TL;DR: Does Lamotrogine help most people in the same way ADHD meds give most people a mental ""boost""? If so, how can one know if they are really Bipolar? 
 I've heard how ADHD medications can give people without ADHD a mental ""boost"" and helps them be more productive.
 Is it similar with Lamotragine - except that for people without Bipolar it also makes them feel more calm and stable?
 I'm diagnosed with Bipolar 1 and still in denial. Never in a million years would I think I have Bipolar.
 I'm wondering if (mostly)  everyone  would respond well to Lamotragine and that I'm actually not Bipolar but just a person who feels better on Lamotragine.
 Sorry, I'm having a hard time explaining what I mean.
 It's just, most books I read about Bipolar talk about mania where the person is super euphoric and also can experience psychosis. I've never had that. I can't really relate.
 I've only had what my pdoc says is a mixed episode (for 4 months). I don't feel that way anymore. What if I was just having a mental breakdown due to stress?
 I do feel depressed now, but only mildly.
 Don't most people crash into a severe depression after a manic or mixed manic episode?
 I've also been depressed as my main mental state, in varying degrees, since I was about 12.
 I don't know. I wonder if my pdoc labeled me Bipolar when really I have just been under extreme stress.
 I mean, besides the mild depression, I feel pretty much better now. Well, not quite like ""myself"", but getting there.
 I totally went off-topic in my thread.
 I mostly would like your thoughts on the title question/first portion of thread."
Can you get a brain scan just to satisfy your own curiosity?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Can you get a brain scan just to satisfy your own curiosity?  I'm diagnosed with bipolar, but then psych doc never ordered a brain scan for me. I want to know if there's a structural abnormality with my brain, but it isn't medically necessary. Can I just ask for one and pay cash? Where do I find somebody who would do that for me?
Social Worker "Susan" changes my view on ER visits for mental health.  Close  1  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Social Worker "Susan" changes my view on ER visits for mental health.  Hey everyone this is my first time posting a story on reddit, I've seen a lot of r/ videos on YT lately and it gave me confidence to share this and see if anyone has experienced anything similar or whatnot. This is going to be pretty long, I get very detailed and there's a good bit of backstory leading to what actually happened. Im on my phone btw. So just for some background I've always had issues with depression and social anxiety. I was bullied a lot growing up (a lot of kids I didn't even know came up with a game like in Diary of a Wimpy kid with the "cheese touch" and I was the cheese for years they called it "OP Germs") so by the time all this happened I had been in and out of counceling and had already been "put away" once in freshman year for suicide watch. I had dropped out of school and gotten my GED as soon as was possible, but when I fixed my school problems, things were more in focus at home and I just never felt like I was truly at home because my stepdad had taken control of the house and was treating me and our pets like his property and my mom was just standing by all of this, so by the time I was 18 I was spending a lot of time at my boyfriend's place. His family lived out of a "residential space" built into a business one of them owned at the time. There were a lot of people involved in the drama going on but it all came to a head one day when I wasn't home. I had told a "friend" that was staying in the house the problems I had with my mom's behavior and that I eventually wanted to talk to her about getting out of her relationship and focusing on her family rather than the man who refused to pay her any attention and treated her like a live-in maid in her own house. Apparently that friend had a large loose mouth so I got a phone call later that day (at BFs) with 15 minutes of berating belittling and insulting coming from my mom and stepdad and it ended with her telling me to just stay with my boyfriend because no one at home wanted me and I was no longer welcome. This of course resulted in me having one of the biggest panic attacks of my life so far (rejection and abandonment are BIG issues for me and I knew I wasn't going to be allowed to stay with my BF) and I took extreme measures and sliced into my arm while my BF was handling customers up front. He came back and found me, wrapped my arm in paper towels and took me to the ER. Which is where we met the Social Worker Susan. It was my BF and myself in a hallway bed in the mental unit of the ER, a few nurses and what I later found out to be my social worker behind the glass divider directly to my right. I had shown the nurses my cuts (a lot were down to subcutaneous fat layers) and asked about stitches and they refused to seal my wounds because "we don't treat these kinds of wounds" amd they gave off a "you did it to yourself you can heal yourself" vibe as much as possible without actually admitting they won't treat self harm wounds. I got a peroxide spray and a dry bandage that stuck to my tissues to the point that when I went to re-dress my arm the cuts were made deeper by the scabs being ripped off with the bandage. So at this point I've been wrapped up and have exchanged my clothes for the purple paper mental health scrubs (if you know you know) and the nurses have come through handing out meals and luckily they had enough for me (I hadn't eaten all day plus I had lost some blood and pankc attacks wear me out). I was eating and trying to focus on my food and my BF because I was slamming back and forth between emotions, not in any way stable. I'm diagnosed with bipolar and borderline so mood swings are normal for me but this was a span of 5 minutes shifting from wamting to kill myself to laughing hysterically at super small, unfunny stuff, then the laughing devolved into crying, then anger, then I basically just went semi catatonic for a while then start the cycle back up again. I was reeling through these emotions when my BF jokingly shoved a dirty napkin into the chest pocket of the scrubs and I said, kinda loudly and forcefully but definitely jokingly, "don't be putting sh*t in my scrubbies!" And I soon heard some hard, rapid tapping on the glass divider next to me, it was the Susan. She yelled two sharp "hey!"s at me and practically waddle-ran up to my hallway bed and put her finger in my face. "I don't know WHAT kind of shenanigans ypu think you're pullling," she spat at me, chubby finger waggling in the air in front of my forehead, "but this behavior will NOT be tolerated, young lady, are we clear? ARE WE CLEAR?!" she was whipser-yelling and spitting in my face when she talked, and I just shut down because some strange lady just came up in my space and made me feel very scared and attacked. All laughs left me and I spent the next 30 minutes very quiet, half-answering my BFs questions and just softly crying time to time. But after that 30 minutes, here comes Susan again with a plastic smile "Hey sweetie I'm gonna be your social worker today, how are you feeling?" I didn't answer I just showed her my arm wrapped up in gauze. She then asks me about my home life and what lead to this episode, which I told her. All the problems with bullying, problems at home, feelings of rejection and inadequacy, problems at work (one of the managers was staying at my mom's house and kept trying to get back at me for stuff at home by treating me like crap at work), and how everything was just becoming this weight that was holding me down and making me question if life is worth all the pain. Susan hears all this and immediately takes it into her own hands to promote herself to phyciatrist and give me admittedly illegal "bedside therapy" as she called it. Which ended up being about 20 minutes of this woman telling me to "put on your big girl panties" and "that's just how things work and if you can't deal with it you won't get anywhere in life" every time this woman had a new point to make, she would lean into my personal space and tap the cap of the water bottle I was holding in my lap. It got to the point that I had backed up to the very edge of my bed to get away from her and she was still leaning across to tap her pen on my bottle cap. Saying things like "Do you think I don't have problems? Or anyone else in here? That's life and we all handle it like adults." She ended the session saying that if I don't like things at home I need to become independent and move out, plain amd simple. By the time my doctor came around, I was asking for admittance into the mental hospital that was connected to the main hospital because I saw myself as unsafe for myself or those around me and I really wanted to get some help because I felt like I was drowning in baseless emotions. But the doctor said my social worker had reccomended I just go home so they weren't about to unnecessarily admit a "healthy patient". That entire hospital visit almost everyone I encountered whose care I was supposed to be in gave me a basically "you did this to yourself so you need to deal with the consequences" type attitude then this social worker decided to let me know I'm the only cause for all of my problems and I should take responsibility for myself. The ER visit was on a Saturday, so I waited til Monday to go see my family doctor and tell her about everything. She gave me a shot of antibiotics (my cuts were starting to look infected) and immediately started calling looking for open beds in inpatient facilities. She was appalled at the way I was treated. I ended up being admitted to the original hospital I wanted to go to, and used that opportunity to file an official complaint against the Susan. As far as I know she got 2 weeks suspension for "unneccessary contact of a patient" since she kept touching me. But yeah since then I've refused to go anywhere besides my regular doctor for anything mental health related. I tried to make a legal case from the hospital's refusal to treat my wounds and admit me as well as the "you did it to yourself you deserve this" attitude but no one in my area would take the case. So no real happy ending aside from the fact that I'm now 22, managing myself on meds and healthy habits, and my BF and I have moved in together. ❤
"A 13 year old boy at my school hanged himself  Close  313  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  A 13 year old boy at my school hanged himself  If you take the time to read this, thank you
 This was about two months ago. I am going to release some feelings, as I lie here a bit high.
 I go to a k-12 school. I'm a senior. My grade was suddenly taken into a classroom in the middle of the day. 80 or so of us. We could tell something was wrong, the way we were suddenly told to go there from class.
 The dean comes in. Usually a scary tough guy. He's crying. Tell us an eight grade boy died. He leaves. We all drop dead silent. Suddenly the air is different. Everyone is immersed in care and loving for each other. The dean leaves. We sit there, most of us silent. Some talk quietly and somberly.
 The dean comes back a few minutes later. He tells us it was suicide. As he says this he begins crying. Many of us did. We hug each other. I leave the classroom to go find my sister. Many people are crying in the hallways. I find her and hug her. We both start crying.
 My sister and I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder already at such a young age. I had struggled with drug use, almost died a few times. Coke and oxycontin at 15, I was a manic depressive mess. Only a few years ago I was stuck in the loony bin when I was close to offing myself.
 The rest of the day everyone sat around. Some cried. I had crazy loving conversations with otherwise distant teachers. It was too real. That could have been me or my sister.
 I can't imagine how a 13 year old could do that. I was close only at 15, but still I cannot comprehend it. How can live in a world where this happens and I cannot do anything to stop it?
 Today I'm in bed after smoking a bit. But that was on my mind. Thank you for reading."
"Pregnant and need advice  Close  11  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Pregnant and need advice  I apologize for the throwaway account, I'm too scared to post this from my normal account because if I get hate I won't be able to take it.. I'm no where near prepared, and my IUD failed me. This was completely unplanned. I'm terrified. Sorry everyone this post might be all over the place because my thoughts are racing... Anyway, I need some advice - I'm 22, mom kicked me out at 18 because she's an abusive narcissist and I quit playing into her shit so she raged (the neighbors still talk about her crazy ass making a scene and throwing a lot of my things to the bottom of the community pool, lmao). I'm not done with college, I'm actually taking a leave right now because I'm struggling with my mental health. Nothing bad, I was just feeling super burned out and started failing because I pretty much quit caring and started ignoring assignments, skipping class, etc. I felt stupid for wasting money and so my school counselor recommended a break. Now I'm sad because I doubt I'll be able to go back after this. I'm living with the dad/my longtime boyfriend of 6 years. We don't have our own place because expensive + both working part time with no savings. If it matters, I'm located in Moreno Valley/Southern California. He's currently looking into working with a temp agency for more hours, but he has really severe asthma which is a problem with a lot of warehouses out here that work with dirt/smoky environments/strong chemical fumes, so he hasn't found a place yet that would assign him to work. No parental support - we're renting a ""room"" in a house with other working people, some also in college. It's about all we can afford.
  
 I'm so terrified. I don't even have a crib, or a car seat. Can anyone recommend products to me? I'm obviously a first time mom, and I don't have anything right now. I don't have a clue about anything for baby. Do I need bottles if I plan to breast feed? What are some of the things you absolutely NEED for a newborn? Is it safe for me to try to find things like car seats, strollers, or cribs off something like Craigslist? There's no way I could afford all of those things brand new. Are there any charities that help with this kind of thing? Will the hospital take my baby away if they know I don't have any of these things?
  
 Also I know no one here is a doctor so no one can give me advice regarding my meds, but I don't trust my psychiatrist because she's lied to me before about medication side effects (telling me there's none/it's not bad/etc). I'm diagnosed with bipolar, was diagnosed around the age of 16, and I've been on a cocktail of medication ever since. I've weaned myself off many different drugs both with and without the help of psychs (my insurance dropped me once a few years back, so I had to go nearly 2 months off all meds but I had time to plan so it wasn't an abrupt stop, which is what usually triggers me into a cycle). Since finding out, I (slowly) stopped a majority of my meds against medical advice, because again I don't trust her and I want to go see an actual doctor, so I'm waiting on my appointment in 2 weeks but in the mean time I didn't want to cause any harm. Abortion isn't on the table - neither me nor the father want that. I'm not totally against adoption, but I feel like I'm going to get really attached after 9 months of growing this baby + giving birth and I don't know that I'll be able to go through with it. I am hoping to hear similar stories from anyone, diagnosed or undiagnosed, that took any kind of antidepressant at one point or another. Did you take it through pregnancy or did you stop at a certain point? I'm trying to do a med-free pregnancy because I'm worried about baby experiencing withdrawals, or (god forbid) birth defects. I also wanted to breast-feed.
  
 So right now my goal is to be completely off the Effexor by November 10. Effexor is a notoriously hard med to get off of, so I've been shaking a little bit out of the capsule each day. Some withdrawals, but nothing I can't handle. My full cocktail included Effexor, Wellbutrin, Buspirone, Seroquel and Trileptal. I've since stopped all of the above with the exception of the effexor, buspirone, and seroquel. I've taken Seroquel for years, so it was HARD dealing with those withdrawals. I'm down to 25MG a night because it helps take the edge off my anxiety but I'm planning on being completely off by this Saturday. I didn't think the buspirone did anything so I stopped it cold turkey and LOL. Bad move, my anxiety hit with a vengeance. I've gone from 60MG daily to 15MG daily. Not as bad to get off of, and no physical withdrawal it was just the anxiety making me nuts.
  
 So I think that's everything. For my tl;dr friends, basically I'm 22, pregnant, have zero resources or help, and I don't know what to do next. I was also on a lot of psych meds for Bipolar, but I've weaned off most, save for a few that are a bitch to get off of. I plan on being off everything for the duration of the pregnancy, because I'm worried about both birth defects and baby going through withdrawals. I have absolutely nothing right now and was hoping for a few recommendations for must-haves for a newborn."
"Considering a service dog for myself?  Close  9  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Considering a service dog for myself?  Below is a copy of a post I made to a support group on FB, but I wanted to open up to you here too, but will need to provide a little more context. I was generally vague because a lot of people talk about getting an emotional support animal (ESA) to get around pet housing rules and stuff. I didn't want to provide details for people to ""copy"" to further their agenda, but I trust you guys.
 I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, Hypothyroidism, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and PTSD (also Borderline Personality Disorder, but that same doctor also diagnosed me with obesity which is very off-base, so take that as you will). My PTSD is really well managed and I haven't really had issues with it in a LONG time, but it doesn't really go away, it just means I've had less triggering events as of late. So when it hits, I definitely need assistance. Some of the tasks I've identified as needing help with is:
   Fetching medication/a drink
   Enforcing a bedtime (when manic or generally hyperfocussed)
   Maintaining a schedule/routine
   Deep pressure therapy
   Waking from nightmares/terrors/flashbacks
   Help in social settings (helping meet social expectations for smalltalk/duration of passing conversations and a reasonable ""out"" for sticky situations)
   Establishing a physical space in crowded areas
   Checking rooms and corners for threats/turning on lights Alerting to physiological changes (oncoming anxiety attacks, detecting episodes) to decrease response time. (Some meds take upwards of an hour to take hold) I usually don't know until it's too late that I need meds. A dog can be trained to recognize a change in me and act accordingly. This will also help me with the thought process of ""am I overreacting?"" It removes the duty of judgement from me.
   Along the same lines, I spiral making simple decisions sometimes, so I could have a variety of things on it's shelf to grab a ""drink"" and I can be fine with whatever the dog chooses. I know it sounds trivial, but it can get out of control.
   All these tasks are falling on my significant other/family and is becoming burdensome to them. By having a service dog that can handle those things, I can gain more independence and they can have the space they need to just be themselves and not a caretaker/emergency responder.
 So with that background information, I give you my copy/pasted post:
 After a very long and detailed conversation with a family member who uses a service dog, I'm very cautiously considering it as an option for me. It's an idea that's popped up over the years and brushed off as me not being severely affected ""enough"" to warrant one. But after years of learning through different therapies, trying different medications, and having a detailed conversation with my aforementioned family member, I think this might be a reasonable option for me. There are many tasks that I need help with/performed by another party that a service dog could fulfill that currently falls on the people I'm with. I have a really bad habit of understating the severity of my affliction, so I'm really uneasy considering this for myself... Largely because my younger sister is pursuing a psych service dog and I feel like it's ""her"" thing. I know it's irrational, and you need what you need but nonetheless it's a thought. I'm working on pursuing disability as well, and I think a service dog would be a good investment of the back pay (I applied years ago but never followed up). I only came up with that because in my head of thinking it through, the question of ""how would you afford it"" comes up and it just kinda fell together. I've had pets, and I know the comfort they can offer, but I'm thinking more task-oriented and trained for public settings.
 I guess I'm kind of rambling at this point, but I just wanted some feedback and I can't really take this to my family because they have their biases, and I know that if I don't have familial support it should be an indicator that maybe it's not a good fit, but there are just a lot of external factors that affect the opinions even though they don't pertain to me."
"Success story  Other  Close  14  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Success story  Other  I haven't posted here in many many months, maybe even a year or more. But hi, my name is universemessages, I'm 25 years old, and I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, borderline personality disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and alcohol use disorder. I don't work and I'm on disability financial assistance.
 In May of 2017 I started to see a therapist for the first time. She was awesome. She made me write a list of all the things I don't want in a relationship. And all the things I won't accept in my life. I also bought the DBT workbook for myself around this time.
 On July 1st, 2017, I broke up with an abusive boyfriend and immediately reinstalled tinder. I was recently taken off of depakote because it was worsening my PCOS symptoms. I was on no medication, I went completely hypomanic, and decided I wanted to be the biggest slut ever. I bought tinder premium, swiped right on every profile, and messaged every match. I made an account on a camming website and made a few hundred dollars in a night just for showing my naked body.
 Two weeks later I got a message back from a guy on Tinder that had an actual conversation with me. That Friday we talked on the phone for four hours. The next weekend we went on our first date. He was really nice, had been sober for years, and lived at home with his parents. My bipolar kept wanting me to sleep with him and then ghost him. But my BPD wanted to be his favourite person. The day after our first date, I saw my psychiatrist and he prescribed me lithium. I was lucky and felt results in the first two days.
 My therapist finished her internship and I had to stop seeing her. The new guy took me on dates every single weekend from then on.
 Labour Day weekend that year I went out with friends and got drunk. I drove them all home then picked up some McDonalds. I parked beside the cafe by my place to eat before I parked at my own place (I don't know why). A girl got into the passenger side of my car, held a knife to my stomach and told me to drive. So I did. The situation went on for hours and then I got home safely. My car was vandalized to the point of being written off the following week. The guy I was seeing ended up buying me another car.
 On October 28th, 2017 at 12am I had my last drop of alcohol. I've been completely sober since then.
 I started therapy again and went every 3 weeks.
 Me and this guy were very serious at this point. We went for a vacation trip in the mountains in May 2018. He convinced me to apply to university even though I don't even have my highschool. I applied as a mature student and I was accepted. I'm now in University, part time.
 We got engaged Christmas Day, 2018.
 Last Thursday I was driving to his parents' place an hour and a half away from my city to announce our engagement over the weekend. It was the coldest day of the year and I hit a deer on the highway, writing off my car. I'm completely fine, was very shaken up. Usually I would have been inconsolable. This time I dealt with it fine, I even laughed after. I guess I don't need a car right now anyway, lol.
 My fiance and I plan on moving in together in April.
 I didn't want to post this story to just tell my life story, or to brag. I just wanted to show that life goes on, and therapy can show some serious results.
 I ended up being extremely lucky in several situations. For instance if I had never met my fiance, I had plans to go into prostitution. Doing that without any type of protection or under a business is extremely dangerous.
 I'm also lucky because I went from relationship to relationship SO quickly, and ended up finding someone that encourages my growth and recovery from my illnesses. I had been in many awful relationships in the past, even bad friendships. And don't get me started on family. It was a breath of fresh air and still is.
 I know most people aren't that lucky. But I've been through a ton of shit and I had no hope. Therapy, getting sober from all drugs and alcohol, and good medication really showed a difference for me. BPD is a personality disorder, it's totally possible of minimizing symptoms just with therapy. Some people even get undiagnosed if they stop showing enough symptoms. Bipolar is a little more tricky for me, but I got the hang of it for the most part.
 I started seeing psychiatrists and taking meds when I was 12 years old. I started hearing voices when I was 7 years old. I had so many misdiagnosis, I took so many meds for such a long time that just made me worse and worse. It was hell, and I can't believe it went on for that long. So many attempts and so many hospitalizations.
 If you're a person that has been in the mental health system for a long time and you aren't seeing any changes, hang in there. Keep fighting. Stand up for yourself. If you aren't getting what you need, DEMAND it. Be a fucking can-I-speak-to-the-manager-haircut kind of person and fucking harrass your doctors! And if your doctor is a waste, change doctors. And if your town or city's selection of doctors sucks, move! Life is short and there are people, doctors, social workers, and therapists out there that can help you get to where you wanna be.
 My heart goes out to all of you and I hope you have a good morning!"
"Shitty mom steals my car and $100 from my bank account because i was ""selfish""  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Shitty mom steals my car and $100 from my bank account because i was ""selfish""  Hey everyone I'm Darius and this happened a few months after my 18th birthday.
 Little bit of a back story: my parents divorce when I was little and my dad got full custody after my mom packed up and took me to Indiana without telling my dad, who was in California, I was still a toddler so I don't remember much of what happened.After my dad got me back he pretty much left me be. He'd work all week,mostly nights, and partied all weekend. I remember staying at one of his girlfriend's house a lot. Fast forward to middle school and I'm diagnosed with bipolar depression and anxiety. In highschool my dad tried spending time with me but I tried my hardest not to have to. I had gotten used to entertaining myself and it felt weird hanging out with him which divided us and he sarted to become verbally abusive and one day I snapped and told one of the counselors hat ran my school's grief therapy group that I had thoughts of killing my dad and she called the C.R.E.S.T team, idk what that stands for but their the people who decided of a minor would go to a mental hospital in California, and they decided I should. This was my fourth time at w hospital ( that's another story) and when the staff called my dad he called my mom,who I had a somewhat stronger relationship with, and ask her if she wanted me because he was done with my shit. She said yes so after the staff at the hospital decided I could go my dad picked me up took me home and had me pack everything I wanted to take with me over 2000 miles away to Alabama. When I finished he took me to my school to unregister me and I said goodbye to my favorite teacher Monsieur S and the few friends I had which had my balling my eyes out infront of the office staff. After that we drove to a nice hotel in Vegas and stayed the night because my flight was in the morning. Late that night my dad and I got in an argument about what had happened at school and lost his temper when I tried talking to my mom on the phone and proceeded to beat me and kick my all while I'm crying and bleeding. I ended up calling 911 and some nice paramedics came and looked me over. My blood pressure was high and I have a deep gash on the left side of my abdomen. When the cops came I told them what happened and they said it was my fault this had happened because I was on my phone while my dad was trying to talk to me. They talked to my dad and the hotel manager and then left. The manager had security escort us to our room to gather our things and told us to never come back. My dad thought it was ""gangster"" that he had been kicked out of a hotel. He dropped my off at my grandpa's house and left. I didn't tell my grandpa what had happened and i don't know if my dad did. The next morning my grandpa and his soon to be ex-wife, so sad that happened, took my to breakfast gave me a few dollars and dropped me off at my gate at the airport. This was in April of 2017.
 Skipping over to January 2018 a few days before my birthday. My dad had apologized a million times for what had happened in Vagas and even bought me a nice class ring. Two days before my birthday my mom tells me I have to go to dinner to meet one of her friend coworkers and I object because I'm still extremely antisocial. She promises I can hangout with my friend,let's call him S, the next day if I went. I go and of course my dad is the friend and we spend that night together. He buys me dinner, I forget from where, and after the dinner said he had a surprise for my birthday. Fast forward to my birthday and my dad takes me to a Nissan dealership, we have one down the road from my house. I was overwhelmed and we spent a few hours looking at cars when I spotted her. A beautiful grey 2016 Nissan Versa hutchback. She had backup cameras and Bluetooth. I fell in love right away and named her Pandora. My dad paid for the car in full and said he'd send me $50 every pay day for gas,which he did until I got my current job. I loved Pandora so much and couldn't wait to show S who I started dating a little after my birthday.
 Fast Forward again, sorry I'm trying to cut all the extra stuff out with ffw, later that year. My mom and her girlfriend had been fighting a lot and one night my mom refused to give her girlfriend her car keys and kicked her out, she had to call her friends from the other side of town to pick her up and give her a place to stay. Later on we found out mg, mom's girlfriend, had went out and bought a Dodge charger and now had two cars to pay off, mind you we're not very well off so this was bound to catch up to her. Mom and mg make up and mg come back to live with us and even let's my mom use her old car and promises she'll take care of the payments. Well she doesn't and the repo people come to take the car in the middle of the night while I was spending the night at S's house. I woke up the next morning to a text from my mom saying she needed to talk to me and thinking I was in trouble hurried home. When I got home my mom was in tears and told me she didn't have a car because hers was repo'ed and asked if she could borrow mine. Me being the awesome son I am said yes and promised I wouldn't tell my dad about it because he was strictly against me sharing my car with anyone especially my mother. Boy do I wish I hadn't done that. The deal was that my mom would drive me to school and take my car to work and send mg to pick me up from school, mom didn't go to work until 2 and got off around midnight, and I'd have my car on the weekends to do as I pleased. The arrangement was only supposed to go on for two weeks and I stressed that because graduation was coming up and I wanted to make sure I had my car to do everything I needed and go to graduation, yes I wanted to drive myself to my graduation idk why I just did. A week went by and everything went smoothly it wasn't until the second weekend and third week that things started getting hairy. That Monday I waited for my mom to pick me up from S's house like she did every Monday but she never showed and I decided I'd walk home to get her up but ended up getting lost. I tried using my GPS but my shitty phone at the time wouldn't let me use internet after I used up my data and I panicked. I began frantically calling my mom trying to get her to come pick me up. I walked around for over and hour and a half while having a mild panic attack waiting for my mom to answer her phone. When she finally found me and took my to school I had missed my home period 1st and 2nd periods. I was pissed. The next day I was called in to see my counselor and was told that yesterday's tardy pit me close to the cut off point of when I wouldn't be able to attend my graduation. I had counseling at school from the end of home room through 1st but sometimes got out early of I was feeling ok that day but because the woman I was seeing didn't work directly through the school my tardies were unexcused. After my counselor told me this I made sure my mom set an alarm every night so I could get to school on time. Unfortunately that Friday morning she slept through her alarm and refused to get up so I just took my car to school completely forgetting that her work badge and glasses were in my car. I go through my normal routine but when I got to my ""PE"" class I noticed I had a bunch of texts from my mom. She was angry because I took my car to school with her work stuff in it and because she didn't have a ride to work, when though mg had a car and could have given her a ride. She asked how she was supposed to get to work without her badge and to said mg could give her a ride and she could pick up her stuff but that I needed my car because me and S had made plans for that night. She started texting in all caps that mg was tired and needed to sleep even though she gets off work at 7:30 before I'd leave for school and it was now close to noon. I continued texting her well into my history class, the Coach didn't mind because this was a freshman class and I had already taken and passed the class in CA.  My mom starts telling me how I was being selfish and that I didn't deserve all the things she had bought me. She even threatened to take away my tv for bad grades, I had one C and a D+ which I was working on turning into a C. I turned my phone off and ignored my mom until lunch and saw her last text. "" I just picked up your car and told mg not to pick you up from school your ass is taking the bus."" I was pissed but went on with my day. After school I had gone to my old bus and asked the driver if I could ride but she said no since I hadn't ridden the bus in a few months, before Christmas break this was in April, my spot had been filled and the bus was already over crowed. I had a major panic attack after she told me this and because of it the nurse refused to let me leave until my mom or mg came to pick me up. The nurse called my mom and she told the nurse ""I guess he'll just have to walk."" Now my hs is in cottondale and I lived close to the west side of Tuscaloosa. THATS OVER A 4 MILE WALK with almost no sidewalk to walk on. It took me over two hours to get home and needless to say everything hurt and I was fuming. I texted my mom to let her know I got home and that when she sent me a text that said something like ""Now that you're home your ass can clean that dirty room and of it's not clean when I get home I'm waking your ass up making you clean it and your ass is still going to school."" Remember my mom doesn't get home until after midnight. I started thing about when my mom was saying mg couldn't give her a ride to work because she was ""tired""  and needed sleep and I wanted to tell her off. How can you expect me to get up and go to school without enough to sleep but not expect mg to get up when she had ALL DAY TO FUCKING SLEEP. What really pissed me off was that my mom told mg that she had talked to me dad and he said that I was grounded and told mg to take my car keys away so when mg knocked on my door to get my keys I gave them up not wanting to go against my dad because that ended so well for me the last time. But when I text my dad to see how long I was grounded for he had no idea what I was talking about. I told him what happened and he was pissed at me for sharing my car after he told me not to and at my mom for pulling this shit.He called my mom at work and tore her a new one and when he finished with her he called me and told me I'd have my car back in the morning but that I had to talk toy mom about what had happened. Me not wanting to be in the house when my mom got home Called S and he sent over one of his co-workers to pick my up she was extremely nice and asked if I wanted to stay with them because it'd be a couple of hours before S would be home. I said no and went inside his appointment. The next morning I went home to pick up my car and ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE my mom first demands that I give her the phone that she let me borrow and then refused to give my my keys because my dad said she could hold on to it but that quickly changed to she was worried about me getting into an accident while the car was in her name and she didn't want to be liable. I started screaming and cussing and she called the cops to have me escorted away. When the cops came over we explained what was wrong and to solve the problem they had my mom sign a bill of sale saying she sold the car to me and I drove off. The next day I had the feeling she had done something to my bank account checked and saw she had taken $100 out and left me with only a penny. I started crying and S tried his hardest to calm me down. He's extremely protective of me and gets worried in situations like this because he knows about my history with suicide. He did not leave my side that day and even texted my dad what had happened. My dad said he'd wired me the money she'd taken plus $50 and luckily there was an Easy money down the road from where we were. We decided to go pick it up in the morning that Sunday. When we went to go pick up the wired we noticed Pandora wasn't in her spot and that's when I knew that bitch had taken my car. I called my dad and he told me to call the police. I did and when the officer asked if I knew who had taken Pandora and if I wanted to press charges I told him my mom and yes I did. S's co-worker was nice enough to give me rides to and from school and I ended up removing my mom off of my school paperwork because she had taken my house key, texted S that I was ""his problem now and she wanted nothing to do with me"",and and stole $100 out of my bank account. I siged some paperwor and that was that.My mom was adamant that she didn't take Pandora and even had my sister text me that a tow company had contacted her about Pandora and told her that I had to come and pick up my suitcases that were in the car but couldn't get her back. That raised a few flags so I took screenshots and sent them to the detective investigating my case.I was depressed because my baby was gone and there was a chance I wouldn't be able to go to my graduation but luckily my now best friend, I'll call her sweat cheeks or SC, was able to make room and gave me a ride. My mom went to my graduation and FB lived it and prtended that I was still living with her so family members could send money and gifts for me that I never got.My dad on the other hand didn't come to my graduation because of my mom but to make up for it he bought me a plane ticket to CA so I could visit my friends see them graduate and get a new car. I ended up getting a red 2015 Nissan versa, fucking love Versas, and my dad told my mom about it. The next day I get a call from detective saying that Pandora was found at my mom's house but I couldn't get her back because I had bought and other car with the insurance money I got from Pandora being stolen. I broke down crying and didn't want to do anything. Since then my mom has tried to play the victim saying that I was being unfair and crying to her hairstylist,whom I saw as a second momma, how much she missed her baby and that she cries herself to sleep. This the woman who texted my bf I was his problem and that she wanted nothing to do with me.the hairstylist called me and forced me to have lunch with my mom and talk. I made S come with me and the whole time he's pissed because not once did my mom thank him for looking out for me or even apologize for what she did. I've since signed a warrant for her arrest but it looks like that's not going anywhere because I still haven't gotten a court date in the mail, furthering my distrust and disliking if police. I don't talk to my mom anymore unless I need something for medical reasons but have started talking to my sister again and got to meet my niece for the first time. She screamed when I held her but now doesn't really mind.
 Thanks for reading if you made it this far sorry if my writing is all over the place my D+ in school was in English so you can see why."
"What. The. Fuck.  Close  87  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  What. The. Fuck.  While I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder I, but this story is not about me. And this might not be the right place, but I'm fucking furious and I need to vent. It does have to do with mental illness and hospitals though.
 Today, my newly 18 year old youngest brother called me crying saying he felt he needed to go to the hospital, that he's been unhappy for the past year, and he is having suicidal thoughts with a plan of action. Kick into big sister who has been through this shit herself mode and got him to a hospital. As he's being wheeled up to the unit, the fucking guy who's pushing the chair starts up. I will quote word for word because this didn't happen more than half an hour ago and it pissed me off so bad it's burned in my brain.
 He begins making small talk, where do you go to school, all that. He then goes ""you should spend a day here with me and see what it's really like. You think you have it hard.... There's some real messed up people here. Real messed up. You're lucky. You think you have problems? There's people here with no arms, no legs, they have real problems. You should be grateful....""
 And that ladies and gentlemen is where I almost murdered a man in a hospital.
 Me: ""Ok! That's ENOUGH!"" him: ""whaaaa?"" Me: ""that's enough knock it off!"" Him: ""I was trying to be helpful..."" Me: ""Well, you're not helping. At all. So stop.""
 This is a fucking nurse in a hospital. He knew what my brother was here for. How the fuck can anyone, especially a GODDAMN NURSE say that shit to someone who is suicidal?! Ugh. Fuck you Gary! Hope the complaint I make against you is taken seriously, because you need some goddamn reform!"
"i'm worried about being admitted soon  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  i'm worried about being admitted soon  Okay so, a little bit of background, I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1, and was involuntarily hospitalized a couple of months ago, where I was originally diagnosed. However, I was still a minor and was put in an adolescent ward. Over the past about 2 weeks, I've gone days without food, then would binge like crazy and have lost around 10 lbs. I've been extremely paranoid and I know I'm being followed, delusional (according to friends but they don't get it), and haven't been sleeping much at all because I don't trust my surroundings enough to sleep. I've ruined two relationships with people I care about in the span of about 24 hours, and I really just don't wanna be here anymore. I've relapsed in self harm and have been really close to drinking again.
 I saw my psychiatrist yesterday and spent the entire time crying, but kept telling him that everything was okay, but my therapy appointment was moved earlier so now it's on tuesday and I'm freaking out a bit because my doctor already suggested hospitalization. I've never been to an adult unit and I'm just really sketchy about it and iI just dunno what to do. I live in the US by the way if that matters."
"Questions about OCD  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Questions about OCD  I'm not officially diagnosed with OCD but my therapist told me I was obsessive-compulsive. The problem is, she didn't explain what that means to me. I've read a little about it online, but I still have some questions about it and I'm hoping I can get some answers from you guys.
   Can you have compulsions without obsessions? I read some stuff about only having obsessions but didn't find anything about only having compulsions. For example, when I get really anxious, I can't step on cracks. I don't have any thoughts that go along with this so can that still be a symptom of OCD or is it something else?
   Do symptoms of OCD have to be all day, every day? Some days I don't have any symptoms, other days I have symptoms all day, and sometimes I only have symptoms for like 2 hours. I always spend over an hour every night checking the locks on my front door.
   Is counting always a sign of OCD or can it just be a coping mechanism for GAD? Whenever I have an intrusive thought, say like about stabbing somebody or hurting a child, I'll count to 13 repeatedly to get rid of the thoughts. I also do it when I'm just generally anxious. Does that sound like OCD, or is it just a symptom/coping mechanism for GAD, which I'm officially diagnosed with.
   Can it just be my bipolar disorder? I'm diagnosed with Bipolar disorder and my obsession with 13 started during a manic episode. Is it possible that me being obsessive-compulsive is actually just my bipolar disorder?
   Hope you guys can help with answering these questions."
"Fired due to illness; no paperwork of any kind given, getting the runaround from corporate trying to get it  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Fired due to illness; no paperwork of any kind given, getting the runaround from corporate trying to get it  I'm in NC; it's a right-to-work state and I had at-will employment, so I understand that I'm on shaky ground from the get-go.
 I've been working at a retail location (a small multi-state chain, but it is based here in NC) for about nine months now. It was a fulfilling job, but the pay was pathetic. I was a good employee; I would gladly go in and work as many hours as I was scheduled and come in whenever needed, even going so far as to cancel my own plans to cover someone else's shift. Our store only had a handful of employees, and it happened fairly regularly.
 Novemberish of last year, I had some issues with getting my medication, and so began a steady increase of anxiety. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar-II Disorder, Depression, ADHD, PTSD, and Anxiety and I've never been anything but honest about my mental health issues.
 Mid-January, I went from getting just under 30 hours a week to 20, with no warning or explanation. The added stress tripped my Anxiety into high gear. Because of that, I ended up spending more and more time in the bathroom, on and off the clock, a combination of fending off anxiety attacks and dealing with one of the symptoms of my anxiety (frequent #2s).
 Then I started getting about 13 hours a week. Started getting written up for being in the bathroom. When I explained the situation to my manager, she told me she needed a Doctor's note excusing the bathroom visits. I tried to explain that they would go down as my anxiety decreases, and all that would take was more hours to work and patience as I got meds back into my system. She told me she couldn't give me more hours until I proved I was able to stay out of the bathroom. A Catch-22.
 I worked Valentine's week (the Black Friday/Christmas of our particular type of store) with the help of Imodium and spent the whole time physically ill, but managed to stay out of the bathroom. It was agony, and I was sick for days because of it. But I continued to show up when I was scheduled, because I loved my job.
 I provided the Doctor's note that was being demanded of me. Two weeks ago, my boss's boss, the district or regional manager, showed up when I was alone opening the store, to deliver a write up for three things (one of which every employee did and one of which was not even done on the clock and I was not aware was even something against the rules) and like six pages of paperwork demanding more information regarding my Doctor's note. I had a massive panic attack and had to go home.
 I had another panic attack the next day I was due to work, right before my shift. I delivered the filled out paperwork, signed by my doctor, and then excused myself to go to the ER because I was having chest pains.
 I returned to work (after another week out, because my scheduled hours were given away after my second panic attack, in a move that I suspect but cannot prove was punishment) yesterday to find the district/regional manager present, along with her boss. The district manager and her boss sat me down in the back and read a memo to me stating in no uncertain terms that I was being fired due to my health problems.
 I asked for a copy of the memo for my records and was denied. I was given a number to call today to get a copy.
 I went to the store this morning to return my uniforms, and spoke to my old manager about the situation. She wasn't told why I was being fired, and didn't have a copy of the memo because the big boss took it with her. I recorded our conversation (NC is a one-party consent state) in the hopes that I would have some kind of proof outside of my word, but got nothing useable.
 I made two phone calls to the number I was given and got voicemail; when my call was finally returned, I was told that they couldn't just send me the memo, that I had to send them a letter requesting the information and explaining what I wanted it for. To get the information I needed to send, I had to make two more phone calls and wait for another returned call. I have since sent an email following her instructions, but have not received an answer. It is well past closing time, so I won't know if I'm even getting what I requested until at least tomorrow.
 I was not given any paper nor any proof of my dismissal. I did not sign anything. I was not even allowed to see the memo the woman read to me, much less get a copy of it -- which would have been a simple matter, as there was a copier in the store, not 50 feet from us.
 My questions:
   I'm not crazy, am I? This is sketchy as heck, right?
   I have no proof of being fired besides what I was told. I'm scheduled to work tomorrow. If I don't show up (due to being, you know, fired) and am then ""officially/on paper"" let go for a ""no call, no show,"" do I have any legal recourse there to at least get unemployment?
   For that matter, given that it is thus far my word against theirs, is there any point in pursuing unemployment?
   I know being fired for being a protected class is illegal. They outright admitted that they were firing me for my health issues -- the only problem is that I have no solid proof besides my word. Is there any point in trying to find a lawyer to review this?
   I wasn't a perfect employee by any means, but I tried my best. I loved my job, but I know I wasn't the star employee. There's any number of little things they could point to as the excuse for why they fired me. If one of those were the reasons given officially (and it could be a range of anything -- the rules and restrictions were draconian for just above minimum wage) are they protected, legally, or am I?
   Thank you for your time/assistance."
"Don't know how to deal with my (24F) emotionally abused Mom (44 F) being emotionally abusive  Non-Romantic  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Don't know how to deal with my (24F) emotionally abused Mom (44 F) being emotionally abusive  Non-Romantic  Reposted because breaking of Rule 4, oops. Hopefully fixed now.
 TLDR at end. Sorry for the wall of text. Probably half of it isn't necessary but it all feels relevant.
 To premise, my mom has always been there for me and my siblings. She's always supported us emotionally, in our endeavors, etc. My dad (45M) lived with us and provided financial support, but he was emotionally distant, and a lot of interactions with him involved him just telling mean jokes. I also believe he has BPD. He has always gaslighted my mom. When he gets into fights with her (which he historically always instigated) he will start breaking all of his own things (electronics, mostly), slamming doors hard enough to break them, and then telling her it's her fault that he did these things. He threatens to quit his job if she doesn't forgive him.
 My mom isn't passive in these exchanges. She tries to reason with him, and ultimately ends up in a back and forth on who's actually crazy. She doesn't allow him to change her thoughts.
 However, I now know they had a lot of fights that I never even knew about. All I knew was that my dad would seem like he was being nice, and my mom would get angry at something ridiculously small, and blow it out of proportion. She'd rant on and on about it to my siblings. And when I would say something to defend him (young me didn't understand) she would say I was siding with him, and that it wasn't  about  (insert ridiculously small thing). And that I was too young to understand. If I asked her not to talk about it, she would tell me I was siding with him. I hated it so much.
 In recent years, as an adult, she's been more honest about the situation. That he says mean stuff about us when we're not around. When she first told me, I didn't believe her, and confronted my dad. He looked a little surprised but said, yes, he had said that.
 Now I just suggest they get a divorce. But if my mom tries to leave, my dad will suddenly be really sad, and plead with her not to, and buy her flowers, and etc etc. She'll say ""he's a good person, this is who he really is"" but then she'll be crying again by the next day as he bursts into some weird anger. Oddly, my dad has now tried to leave a few times. But then  she  won't let him leave.
 I think as a result of being gaslighted all the time, and told that she's wrong, and crazy, she can no longer handle someone telling her that she is wrong. Perhaps because her boundaries have never been respected, probably her entire life, she doesn't respect my or my sibling's boundaries. If I tell her I don't want to talk about something, she'll turn it around on me to how I'm: not a real adult, hypocritical, selfish, another word for female dog, crazy, and the list goes on and on. She started doing this when I was about 12, but only on occasion. Now it's nearly daily. I internalized a lot of these things and had guilt complexes about pretty much everything for years. My social anxiety was so bad that I couldn't apply for a job, sure that I wasn't ""adult enough"" to do it. I couldn't assert myself, because I thought doing so was ""selfish"".
 I knew these thoughts were unhealthy. I didn't want to have them. But I believed them. Then, I (21) met an amazing guy (23). If you presented him with an argument in support of a BS drama unhealthy behavior, he would be happy to debate you for hours if necessary to prove his point that, no, that view is entirely ridiculous. That view is not logical. So I presented all of the beliefs I didn't want to have to him, all of the justifications I had thought of. When he countered, I would give counters my mom had told me that I felt were insurmountable. He countered those, too. I think the fact that I presented intense, highly emotional views which I defended for sometimes hours, and then was happy and satisfied when he ""won"" these debates, struck him as odd.
 After about a week of these conversations, a sense of realization dawned on his face, and he said, ""You want to lose these debates."" I told him, yes, I did. I told him these were beliefs I have, but don't want to have. Beliefs that have always seemed justified, but felt wrong.
 In any case, I was still incapable of communicating directly, still had a weird guilt complex, still felt like people would hate me if I asserted myself. I had no sense of an identity outside of these labels that I had collected (selfish, etc). So, with these labels removed, I felt entirely lost. When my parents decided to move across the country, I moved with them. I hadn't finished my bachelor's degree yet, as a result of my family moving every few years (again, I'm an adult, I could've stayed and finished my degree at any point. But I felt like I was incapable of doing anything on my own. Applying for jobs, applying for school, anything, without my mom's help.)
 I applied to a local public university. The environment was supportive, encouraging students to embrace their voice. I started taking some of the more challenging upper division courses, and found hard working, motivated, outspoken peers. For the first time in my life, I began to develop a sense of my own identity. I began to learn who I am. Even if I can't do something perfectly, it's ok. If I tactfully assert myself and someone acts like it's the end of the world, that's on them, not me (and this surprisingly has not happened outside of my house! The world is such a nicer place than my home. I was shocked. Boundaries  can  be ok, wow).
 Recently, my mom's emotional abuse has escalated to a near unbearable extent, and she now gets drunk and fantasizes about suicide. Last time my dad started smashing things, she got right up in his face and started trying to record him on her phone, and he ended up grabbing her phone, and shoving her when she tried to grab it back. He also threw her phone at the floor. She was devastated– he had never physically hurt her before. Things are insanely crazy. I want out. I want far away.
 But. If I want to move out, I'll have to work more. I can barely keep up without a job. I've been taking on extracurricular duties, leadership positions, among other things. I don't have time to work more. I have very low energy and already push myself every day to improve, to overcome negative habits and thoughts that have been with me all my life. I'm afraid that if I move out, my grades will drop, and I won't be able to get into a good gradschool (and thus pursue my desired career path). If I can wait it out  one more year , and keep up my grades and efforts, then I can definitely get into  some  funded grad program. I will be in a position I want, and not at risk of my mental health declining, stagnating, and probably ending up back at home feeling like a failure. I have moved out a couple of times when it got really really bad, but it was so much harder to manage because my family was still dramatic and weird, and I can't move  that  far at the moment because of school.
 I guess my question in this long, drawn out babble, is:  How do I deal with my mom's emotional abuse for one more year? How do I psychologically handle it? 
 Therapy isn't an option. I'm afraid of therapy. I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, so I'm afraid I'll come off as suicidal, and they'll involuntarily hospitalize me (bipolar people have very high rates of suicide compared to the general population). I'm afraid of other potential scenarios, though I don't know if they're realistic. Also, I've tried therapy. Multiple times. But it just isn't helpful. I cannot do therapy. I have found self help books written by psychologists to be helpful, and spending time with mentally stable people. I also will consider therapy once I'm out of this situation. But not now.
  TLDR : I've grown up in a mentally unstable household where my BPD dad gaslighted and abused my mom. My mom is very emotionally abusive to me (and exhibits some really worrying behavior). I have one year left before I can leave and live on my own and stay living on my own. I can't move out right now for a host of psychological reasons, energy reasons, logistical reasons. If I can make it one more year, I never have to deal with it again. Ever.  If anyone has advice on not letting my mom's emotional abuse affect me, or keeping discussions with her from escalating to her insulting me, I would really appreciate it."
"My (18 F) friends (18 M, 18 M), best friend (18 F) and ex boyfriend (18 M) left me  [new]  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My (18 F) friends (18 M, 18 M), best friend (18 F) and ex boyfriend (18 M) left me  [new]  DISCLAIMER: I hope you don't judge me for this because this is the first time I'll really open up, and I'm scared.
 I have a really bad temper and when it comes to group works, I really explode. I often lash out to my friends whenever something bad happens or something doesn't go my way. The two friends were my research group mates and I exploded to them twice, saying that the second time, I was so agitated because I saw a corpse that was hung at our parish church.
 As for the best friend and boyfriend, I lost them at the same time because I also lashed out on our social science group. My ex's best friend, who was my group mate, was doing all the work and I felt like there was no communication, so I got really angry and tried to rant to my boyfriend but he couldn't take it and asked the best friend if it were true.
 We've had the same problems over and over again, but there was a time when he realized he just couldn't accept how I am. He tried his best to change, but I didn't, so we ended up parting ways. I still think about him, though, and my dreams are always full of him and his friends. I remember all the good times and it hurts that I was so immature it caused 4 important people in my life to leave me.
 My best friend doesn't even talk to me anymore, apart from discussing requirements. She told me a week after the social science incident that I had to change and she gave me a list of things to remember by, but I have very bad memory, so all I could remember was to leave my ex for good because he couldn't give me my needs (I have very low EQ and I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and adhd). I tried messaging her, but she wouldn't even seenzone me.
 To add, she also told me to change during the three times I did that to her, but I just couldn't. As for my ex, I did it to him more than 10 times probably in the duration of our almost 2-year relationship and he says I never change so he doesn't want to interact or anything.
 It's the first time I ever felt so chronically sad for weeks and it's also our time to graduate already. I got so crazy I cut my hair yesterday, but I don't think anything changed in my outlook in life. I flooded my best friend in a lighter way than I would flood my ex, but that's still bad.
 I know I'm an awful person and it takes time to heal the wounds I caused, but I don't know how to change. I would appreciate if you guys could give me tips because I am also very impatient and it just breaks my heart that I lost 4 important people in my life to my attitude. They were putting up with me for the longest time, and I just can't believe that they've had enough.
 I honestly have been like this ever since I can remember because of the way my family brought me up (e.g. slapping, spanking with a belt, verbal abuse, kneeling down with books at my hands to teach me a lesson). I tried to fix my relationship with my parents, but I can't help but blame them for my mindset. I really think I haven't healed from my childhood and there's no way of healing because I still live with them, and I'm envious of how other people could have space from me, but I can't have space from them.
 I'll give it to them though. They really tried to change, but I don't know how to heal. I don't know how to change myself so that I won't lose any more people. I don't know how to healthily cope with all the break ups I have had and how to win them back somehow in the future. Because, in all honesty, I loved all 4 of them in different ways, but they were all staples in my life. Sometimes, I think of ending my life so that I wouldn't be a bother or hurt as much anymore because I lost important people in my life, but that's a different thing from what I'm asking.
 I'm also very afraid that they cut me off for good and I can never regain the beautiful friendship or relationship we once had. I really do desperately want to change, and I know the first step is acknowledging those problems, but I've been in step one for 5 years and I don't know what to do. Should I isolate myself so that I wouldn't be able to lose any more friends? Should I keep talking to my other friends about my sadness? I don't have much to do and I'm an extrovert and I just don't know how to proceed with this.
 Tl;dr I have really bad temper that is probably caused by my upbringing which led me to lash out on the people I care about the most. I lost 4 of the most important people in my life, and I don't know how to gain their trust back. I also don't know what to do to change so that I would stop losing any more friends. Can you help me out?"
"Mania/Hypomania  General  Close  4  Posted by  18 days ago  Mania/Hypomania  General  Hi to you all sorry in advance for the lengthy post
 I have been diagnosed with Bipolar 1 for about 8 years. I have been on many different meds through the years but I have been stable on Lamictal for almost two years
 The past few weeks have been extremely stressful and I have little to no coping abilities and I had some behavior changes that started about 3 weeks ago
 I started compulsively shopping/researching items to purchase Cooking obsessively and being more sexual After about 2 weeks of this behavior one night I got very upset and started hysterically crying and then had a panic attack Since then I have been sleeping at least 10 hours a night and have little to no energy
 I spoke to my therapist and she suggested I call my psychiatrist My psychiatrist said she thought it was a hypomanic episode so she upped my Lamictal
 I was not aware of my behavior until after the fact which is the same for an manic episode I have had
 My issue/question is this
 Every true manic episode I have ever had that has been “labeled” has been pretty extreme and the last I had involved psychosis and then a deep depression
 I have experienced these episodes which the doctor labeled “hypomanic” a lot since I have been “stable” on the Lamictal I never thought to tell them about it because it was not as extreme as other episodes and I never really thought about them as being atypical behavior
 So how do you distinguish hypomanic/“mild” manic episodes from “typical” behavior? I had always just thought this was “normal” behavior Any advice? Experience?
 Thank you and sorry for the long post!"
"ER Work and Schizophrenia  Close  9  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  ER Work and Schizophrenia  Hello all,
 As a background, I work in a rural area with a great deal of drug abuse, but also with a lot of people with psychological issues precipitated by it. Notably, we have a decent amount of untreated schizophrenics that come through the ED.
 As an ER worker in the short term setting, when these people are brought in by cops or by EMS, when they're confused and agitated; I want to do right by them.
 In your opinion, what is the best way to communicate and reason with both the negative and positive (medical terms, negative = things taken away  (depressed affect, loss of speech) and positive = things added (hallucinations, etc)) aspects of schizophrenia? What can I do to help my acute patients who really need a helping hand, whether acutely psychotic or severely depressed?
 What is the most helpful thing, to you, to make you understand and be more comfortable with the care that I am providing? From blood work to medications, is there a way that I can interact with you such that it makes sense and is okay for you?
 I figure maybe one or two of you have some input from experience. I want to provide the best patient care possible, and that doesn't mean Haldol by default.
 I've dealt with everything from flight of thoughts to religious delusions and paranoia to avoidance and aversion to speech and eye contact. What can I do to help the worst aspects of what you go through?
 As a background, I personally have been diagnosed with bipolar type 2, ADHD and PTSD."
"Manic or panicking?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Manic or panicking?  So for about a month I've been in a pretty depressive state. Then on Monday I woke up with a ton of adrenaline. During that day I was super productive and had lots of racing thoughts. But I also felt physically like I was having a panic attack on and off the whole day. Anxiety, weird chest fluttering, maybe an elevated heart rate (I didn't measure it), etc. I got to sleep that night and the feeling generally went away. My mood was much better for the next few days. My therapist and doctor don't have an explanation. It was like getting struck by lightning and then suddenly you have a different outlook on life or something.
 But now at the end of the week I'm feeling panicky again. Weird physical sensations, lots of thoughts (I have ADHD so I never know what isn't normal for that one), anxiety/mood instability/irritability. All the adrenaline of a panic attack but over a period of time.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2. I've never experienced anything like this. My general life anxiety hasn't been like this in years. I'm still getting sleep at night. Honestly I just dont know. I've heard some manic states can be noneuphoric but I can't find any info on what anxious mania might be like. If I'm not hypo then honestly maybe I'm dying.
 Looking for any insight. Happy to answer questions. I accidentally lost my first version of this so I hope this makes sense. Thanks y'all."
"Service-connection PTSD being aggravated. Heartfelt answers pls.  Close  11  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Service-connection PTSD being aggravated. Heartfelt answers pls.  Hi all, thank you for viewing my post. I don't know where to begin but I just think I need some really heartfelt advice, opinions, comments about a situation I'm facing. I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place. And I know it may be easy for some of you and the answer is may be obvious. In 2003 to 2004 I was deployed to Iraq when the war first begin. I wasn't infantry or anything but I saw some pretty heavy things and I'm diagnosed with bipolar,post-traumatic stress,marijuana dependency. For which I am 100% disabled, service-connected with unemployability. I had to quit $100,000 a year job in the oil industry and now I find myself in security.
 I get compensated $3,300 a month for my service connection disability. But with all my expenses I can't stretch that far enough even though if it's a lot of money. In August I applied for Social Security disability which alot of veterans with the hundred percent disability do. And I got denied in December they said that I can at least work and make $1,100 a month. So VA says I'm a hundred percent disabled but social social security tells me no. So on March 15th I started working security. I asked veteran affairs and they said that I can work below poverty threshold about $22,000 a year. And my military skills transfer over pretty well to security. guard Duty, Patrol Convoy security, stuff like that. I thought it was fine working but I can't really work around people. I've already cussed out a co-worker, I got yelled at by the client manager for doing what was in my post orders. And it still has me pissed off to the point where I'm getting urges to kill I'm really aggravated right now. She's really lucky that she was female because if it was a male in the past I've gotten into fights over people talking to me crazy . Hence the unemployability. On top of that yesterday I went to a veteran service officer and he told me that VA we'll find out that I'm working and they're going to give me a hard time about it and could cut my benefits.
 I guess my problem is that I do want to work, I don't want to be a piece of crap that doesn't work. Even though this is security and not all that glamorous. but at least I have a sense of Pride. I shine my boots and im putting on my uniform and I'm working honestly. If my disability got cut I wouldn't be able to make it working security alone. And I would have to find something else and then I have to be around managers, co-workers, people, customers all kinds of s*** and I'm going to f****** get mad (to say the least) I guess do you guys think that I should put in my two weeks notice and apply to Social Security again. I feel really bad quitting my company because he has worked with me. And I do feel I want to work but I'm going to be screwed if my disability got cut because I can't work with my mental issues at other jobs. That's why I had to leave a 100k a year job. I was even in the hospital January 2018 again in patient for my mental health issues.
 I think I know what a lot of you guys are going to say but I just really need some different sides, comments, opinions and heartfelt advice.
 To make a long story short I'm a hundred percent disabled veteran my Social Security got denied so I started working. I could possibly get my Veteran Affairs benefits cut and my service connection is being aggravated."
"Questions about OCD  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Questions about OCD  I'm not officially diagnosed with OCD but my therapist told me I was obsessive-compulsive. The problem is, she didn't explain what that means to me. I've read a little about it online, but I still have some questions about it and I'm hoping I can get some answers from you guys.
   Can you have compulsions without obsessions? I read some stuff about only having obsessions but didn't find anything about only having compulsions. For example, when I get really anxious, I can't step on cracks. I don't have any thoughts that go along with this so can that still be a symptom of OCD or is it something else?
   Do symptoms of OCD have to be all day, every day? Some days I don't have any symptoms, other days I have symptoms all day, and sometimes I only have symptoms for like 2 hours. I always spend over an hour every night checking the locks on my front door.
   Is counting always a sign of OCD or can it just be a coping mechanism for GAD? Whenever I have an intrusive thought, say like about stabbing somebody or hurting a child, I'll count to 13 repeatedly to get rid of the thoughts. I also do it when I'm just generally anxious. Does that sound like OCD, or is it just a symptom/coping mechanism for GAD, which I'm officially diagnosed with.
   Can it just be my bipolar disorder? I'm diagnosed with Bipolar disorder and my obsession with 13 started during a manic episode. Is it possible that me being obsessive-compulsive is actually just my bipolar disorder?
   Hope you guys can help with answering these questions."
Manic? Mixed? Depressed? Wtf is going on?  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Manic? Mixed? Depressed? Wtf is going on?  I seriously have no idea what's happening to me. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2. I haven't been doing all that great the last few months, but I really started to spiral a week or so ago into whatever is happening now. I feel like maybe I'm hypomanic, but it doesn't feel like it has in the past because it's so short lived and I'm just constantly up and down. I feel "fine" one minute, usually when I'm with friends or whatever, but as soon as I'm by myself my brain suddenly NEEDS to do drugs, sex, shopping, etc. If I don't really want to do whatever reckless thing my mind wants me to do, then I feel compelled to force myself to drink a few red bulls to try to induce mania, but as soon as I've finished with whatever urge I had I feel awful and shitty, instead of just being in a kind of constant hypomanic state like I've had in the past. Afterwards I might feel kind of normal (aka reasonable) for awhile, but it starts all over again the next day. It's exhausting. I'm a grad student and need to be writing, but I have zero motivation to work because I'm either doing (insert stupid thing here) or I'm miserable. I don't feel in control of myself at all. Has anyone else had this happen? I feel like I'm losing my mind.
got the rash - off of lamictal. what now?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  got the rash - off of lamictal. what now?  as in the title, after 3 weeks of taking lamictal i got the rash, mixed with a flu. i saw my family doctor today, she took me off of lamictal. now i'm trying to get better. but what now? this is the 3rd medication that my current psychiatrist prescribed me and all of them ended up badly. is it time to seek a new doctor? or maybe should i just ask him to send me to the psych ward, where they would watch me 24/7 and prescribe me new meds? (that's my therapist's idea). i'm diagnosed with bipolar 1, i'm 18 and my main problem is really bad mania. maybe you guys can recommend me any meds that helped you so i could ask my doctor about them? honestly, lamictal hasn't helped me at all. didn't feel any better from it so i'm not that sad about getting this rash. i'm just not sure of what to do next :(
"Started Wellbutrin hcl xr today  Medication  Close  1  Posted by   GAD   1 year ago  Archived  Started Wellbutrin hcl xr today  Medication  150mg/day starting.
 Anyone have good experience with this drug? Initial side effects, longer term side effects, positive effects. I did a little bit of reading but tips and personal experiences are always so helpful.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, anxiety, and depression... I've been on Zoloft for about 4 or 5 years with a lot of improvement. It's becoming less effective for me. I'm also prescribed Clonazepam as needed."
"Chronic Malaise  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   1 year ago  Archived  Chronic Malaise  I'm a 26 y/o Caucasian male, 6'4"" (193 cm) 350 lb (159 kg) I live in West Virginia, and I've been having a fever like feeling accompanied by pain and fatigue. It's not an actual fever, just the sensation of cold sweattiness that comes with a fever. I get sharp pains in my joints several times a day.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, hypertension, cluster headaches, migraines, and generally being fat. I've been in a depressive state, and I've gained 10 pounds over the past two weeks. (I'm still down a net of 40 lbs, though.) it's been going on for about three months. Since there's no numbers or tests that show a problem other than what my brain is telling me, should I just ride it out? Here's a list of my meds.
 gabapentin 900mg, lorazepam 1 mg PRN, buspirone 20 mg, lamotrigine 150 mg, lithium carbonate 450 mg, verapamil 240 mg, propranolol (I can't recall the dose... 20 mg maybe?), tramadol 50 mg PRN, sumatriptan 100 mg PRN, hydroxyzine 25-75 mg PRN.
 Thanks for your time! ~<3 Haku"
"I feel nothing  Close  10  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I feel nothing  It's kinda interesting really. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1 but have suffered with depression basically all of my life, so I definitely know what feeling nothing feels like. It's been a while since I felt it this bad though. I don't care about anything other than maybe my dog, a few friends and the Dodgers. Screw my job, screw school, screw most people I know. I just don't care. I don't care so much that it's a bit suffocating quite honestly. It feels almost intrusive, like that sensation when you feel someone is watching you and they shouldn't be, except it's me doing the watching. It's hard to explain lol
 I don't know what to do. I'm tired and I'm tired of being tired."
"Don't know what to do - SNRI trouble  Suicide  Close  2  Posted by   Bipolar 1    1 year ago  Archived  Don't know what to do - SNRI trouble  Suicide  So, I'm in the middle of switching doctors because I don't like or trust my previous one. He decided the first time we met that my issues must be ""behavioral"" because medication has yet to work(except lithium..) and said I should do a year of DBT(I assume he thinks I'm borderline. I'm not, as confirmed by my long time psychologist)... I saw him 3 times, and everytime he wanted to take me off klonopin too(he also took me off lamictal the first visit), which is frustrating when my main complaint at the time was panic attacks and constant anxiety. Klonopin took me from 10 panic attacks to around 2 every night, and I had already tried the non-benzo meds and therapies... anyway. I digress. He was nice, but sucked. So, I began looking for someone else, but kept seeing him in the meantime.
 So, the third visit was 2 weeks-ish ago. He ended up putting me on Pristiq(an SNRI) to help with the panic attacks. I asked what the side effect profile was like, and he said it was not bad. Now, he knows I'm diagnosed with Bipolar 1, but has been ignoring it, so he never mentions to watch out for switching or hypomania(he doesn't need to really, I already know, but he should have)
 I start the med and the first 3 days I am starting to feel hypomanic. I feel pretty awesome... until I don't.
 What was hypomania has switched to irritability, depression, and pretty intense suicidal thinking/planning. I've locked myself in my room for the last few days, and have tried to just be asleep as much as I can. My thoughts keep going to dark places.
 I have an appointment friday with my psychologist. I don't know what else to do. I don't want to call the prescribing doc, because I'm dumping him, and I don't see my new doc for 2 more weeks. I am assuming it's the Pristiq that has caused this sudden mood change; the timeline fits. Should I just wait til Friday?
 Has anyone had a bad reaction to Pristiq?
  TL:DR  Was prescribed Pristiq(SNRI) by a doctor I'm ditching. It is possibly causing some intense suicidal thoughts. In Between doctors, feeling lost on what to do."
"An annoying long post about me not being sure if I'm developing schizophrenia  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  An annoying long post about me not being sure if I'm developing schizophrenia  So, I'm diagnosed with bipolar II and borderline p.d. However, I fear that I might be developing schizophrenia. (Thus it being schizoaffective disorder). I don't know who to ask for a second opinion. I tried to bring it up to my psych but she brushed it off saying something like ""it's normal"" although it was clear that she didn't want to discuss that topic.
 Before the thought of schizophrenia even crossed my mind I went through my first ""psychotic episode"" as I call it. Basically erotomania. I developed a giant crush on a guy and he became my whole life. (I didn't know him personally, but my friend did, so I could get the idea of him, even though the majority of this idea was idealized). I believed that he was in love with me too, I overanalyzed everything - every move he made around me, even the occasional eye contact (he didn't know I existed at that point). I believed firmly that we were soulmates, I researched the topic of twin flames, loa, astrology, reading my daily horoscope every morning searching for signs that this day was gonna be the day we would meet face to face. I also became obsessed with numbers. Everytime I saw a double on the clock or something I would take it as a sign of destiny. I was depressed - the only time when I was happy and excited was when he was around - at school. After that I spent the rest of my day crying, numb, longing and being desperate. It ended with a huge embarrassment on my side since I finally gained the courage to text him. I was texting him convinced he felt the same way. The waking up to reality messed me up big time. To this day I make these erotomanic assumptions about many guys, however I am NOT giving in again...
 I think I have other delusions too. Or I don't know. Are they delusions? That's why I'm asking you - to tell me if they are. I'll list some of them - I thought I needed blood to survive (lol, vampyrism), to this day I low-key still do. Then I thought I was pre-destined to be the world leader. I make up many different theories about me not being human and me not reacting to food and substances as a normal human would. I suspected for a time that they put me in a simulation. Etc etc. I cannot be objective about this so there may be more. But even though I'm able to tell that normal people wouldn't believe stuff like this and it's not normal, it's completely real to me anyway. (Not the erotomania though. I actively fight that. One time was enough.)
 Regarding hallucinations I am not sure. I sometimes hear a voice saying my name. I randomly taste food on my tongue. I sometimes smell perfume scents, of course when there's no real perfume scent. I feel like a fly is crawling on me but it seems like a hair or a particle of something could be causing that. As to the visual ones - I once had a vivid hallucination of a thing in my window (with a hysteric outbreak) but nothing else. Just seeing stuff in the corner of my eye, but I read that it doesn't count. (To add, except for the peripherals, these symptoms are not frequent.)
 At my worst I turn to living in my own world, where I have my own friends, some of them are the embodiments of my mental disorders which saved me from this cruel, cold, boring world. Life with them is just better than the ""real"" one. Stockholm syndrome, whatever, I love them. (These are in periods, not all the time.)
 And the negative symptoms. Whooosh. Not much. At my worst I am kind of lethargic and I don't go outside, might be just my depression though. Recently I realized that I struggle to form sentences when I'm talking, I have really poor memory and my hygiene is really bad. Also, insomnia.
 So I though that maybe someone could tell me what they think. I struggle between thinking that I have a problem or making it all up, somehow. I have a feeling that my bullshit is not severe enough and I'm just disrespecting you with it while you really struggle.
 I don't know what's wrong with me. I'd love to have a diagnosis - finally giving this all a name. But I'm not sure I want to seek treatment. I feel happy with my ""insanity"". I feel not alone. It's my world, made just for me, by me."
"MDing with or without medications?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  MDing with or without medications?  Hi everyone! Sorry for the longer post, I just want to describe in detail what medications I take and why to give everyone the full picture of why I want to MD and any effects it may have. After a lot of reading up on microdosing, I’ve decided it’s something that could potentially be really great for me. The effects people report are exactly what I need more of in my life. I have been diagnosed with Bipolar 2 recently. In the past it was Anxiety and Depression but I think most of the anxiety came from a side effect fo the antidepressant. I still have some anxiety but it is not as overwhelming. I have taken acid in the past, most I’ve ever done was 2 tabs in the same day. And I’ve taken 1/2-1.5 tabs the other times. I think it’s been 4 times total. I really enjoy being on acid and was told by a long time user after my first tab, “wow. I have never seen someone handle acid so well their first time. It’s like you were born to do it”.  So I am not worried about increased anxiety or “bad microtrips??”. However I feel like I am reading mixed reviews on wether or not to continue my medications. I take 150mg of Lamictal every night for the Bipolar. If I am not on this medication, I can barely get up in the morning and my mood is unpredictable and drastic. It does a really nice job of stabilizing my mood. I have been taking this for about 9-10 months. I also recently started back on Wellbutrin which I have taken on and off for years at different dosages. Currently, I’m taking 150mg of the extended release kind. I use this to give me energy, motivation, concentration, and also as an appetite suppressant. When I don’t take it, the lamictal makes me feel sort of sedated. And I have zero self control when it comes to eating. I never feel satisfied and I’ll binge until I’m sick and it’s really scary. It feels like an addiction. So ideally, I don’t think I want to stop taking these meds, at least not right away. So I’m wondering if people have had experiences on and off medications and what worked, or if anyone has used these medications with MDing. I’m really hoping to gain: energy, creativity, motivation, focus, more self awareness, and self control when it comes to eating right and exercising. If anyone has had any experience with it and eating disorders/appetite suppression/weight loss etc please let me know!
 TLDR; Can I Microdose while on 150mg of both Lamictal and Wellbutrin (Bipolar 2 and a little anxiety)?
 I appreciate any and all help, thank you in advance!"
"Someone from r/depression posted that the only thing keeping them from committing suicide is fallout 4.  Close  188  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Someone from r/depression posted that the only thing keeping them from committing suicide is fallout 4.  https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/3dzqau/i_want_to_kill_myself_but_cant_because_i_need_to/ 
 Isn't this true for all of us?
 They should reroute all the phone calls from suicide hotlines to bethesda's office.
 Suicidal caller: ...I really don't know what to do. I'm considering suicide.
 Bethesda: oh... That's unfortunate. I guess you won't be playing fallout 4.
 Suicidal caller: ...come again?
 Bethesda: ...fallout 4.
 Suicidal caller: ... I feel better now. Thank you for saving my life.
 Bethesda: no problem bro.
 EDIT: people seem to think I'm making fun of this person or trolling.  I AM NOT. I'm just pointing out how fallout is such an important part of our lives. I'm diagnosed with bipolar depressive disorder. Why would i make fun of the people that are in the same sinking boat as me. And that small joke I made is there to make people like me smile. ...although it hurts to do so most of the time."
"I know I'm in hypomanic (or manic) state when I drink a ton but can still get a ton of shit done  Close  13  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I know I'm in hypomanic (or manic) state when I drink a ton but can still get a ton of shit done  Idk why I'm sharing this. I'm hellla tipsy/drunk. But this might be useful to someone out there. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1 with psychosis and I know i'm entering manic/hypomanic when even when I do things I usually do when I'm depressed but still get shit done. I'm hella tipsy now but lord knows how focused I am. I'm making a schedule and stufff and if I was depressed,  I would just be cuddling but lord, I 'm like hella productive.
 I'm sorry, I'm probably just hella tipsy. But thoguht I'd share it with y'all.
 x"
"Starting the pill to prevent severe PMS  Side Effects!?  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Starting the pill to prevent severe PMS  Side Effects!?  I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and had a bilateral salpingectomy (fallopian tube removal) last month. I'm due for my first period without hormonal birth control, and three days ago I started having severe cramps, back pain, and debilitating depression. I feel very hopeless, all I can do is cry and think about switching majors, I'm not eating, I'm sleeping excessively, my stomach hurts from anxiety. I had none of these symptoms while I was on Sprintec, and I was very stressed before PMS started, but handling it decently.
 I was reading that it's possible for people with bipolar disorder to have severe PMS symptoms.
 Would it make sense to start back on the pill? If so, when would be the best time to start? Preventing pregnancy doesn't matter (praise sterilization!), but will it matter if I'm starting my period soon? Clue says I'm due to start in about 5 days."
"Mental fog from mood stabilizers  Close  7  Posted by   BP2   3 years ago  Archived  Mental fog from mood stabilizers  Hi all -
 I wanted to start a conversation about the mental fog/cognitive cloudiness that comes from mood stabilizers. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar 2 and ADHD, and I currently take a combo of Lamictal and Depakote to manage my bipolar illness. It works so, so well, but the trade-off is the mental dulling that comes with it. When I was on Lamictal alone, I noticed some dullness, but when we added Depakote, thats when the brain fog become quite noticeable. It seems to be common with the AEDs; when I took Risperdal and Seroquel (separately) I didn't notice any kind of mental fog.
 Does anyone else experience this with their meds? Anyone successfully managing it? I take Vyvanse and Intuniv for ADHD, but I still notice that my brain isn't as sharp as it was before the mood stabilizer combo."
The struggles of trying to be normal.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  The struggles of trying to be normal.  Hello everyone, today I'm going to talk about the madness inside me that has been brewing ever since I took my first breath. Do you know what it feels like to not feel yourself, but knowing you are yourself? I'm sure many of you have. It's a horrible thing to go through, yet there's nothing that helps you even if you try. I'm sick and tired of being depressed, feeling myself one minute then someone else the next, and I'm mostly tired of these damn mood swings. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Type II and let me just say, it's complete hell. I wake up every day as if yesterday was a dream, opening my eyes just to live the same dream again even if some things are a bit different. I've tried killing myself sooo many times, been to many institutions, taken lots of meds, and went through every therapist/psychologist that thought they could fix me. No one can, I'm not even sure I can.. I find it hard to talk to anyone IRL about my problems and feelings, although I'm here talking to a bunch of strangers about it. There was a point in time where I could handle my emotions, feel happy and do the things I love, but not anymore. I'm so caught up in rage, unsatisfaction, depression, the confusion that I don't even know what to feel anymore. Every time I talk to my boyfriend who is just as messed up as I am, I rage at him with so much anger that I end up saying things I don't mean. Today I punched a wall because I couldn't contain it anymore, so I let it all out messing up my room than it already was. I don't even know why I'm writing this anymore.. it seems pointless. I'm just an online girl, no one cares. Good-bye life. Good-bye internet people.
Can bipolar 2 be treated without medicine?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Can bipolar 2 be treated without medicine?  I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2 but medicines do more harm then good, and im not on them long enough to go through withdrawal. I just have really bad insomnia and sleep deprived for a year which is messing with my moods badly, and im going to a new sleep doctor soon. My sleep doctor last year does not rely on medicine. Sleep medicines just make me too groggy the next day or don't work. Anyways, how do i manage hypomania with suicidal ideations? I'm going to a counselor soon too. Never really have had suicidal ideation just lack of sleep been messing with me. I've slept like a baby for 31 years and dealt with bipolar 2 for the last 5 or 6 years.
"I'm at the end of my ropes with my medication situation... I'm curious about others' situations  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm at the end of my ropes with my medication situation... I'm curious about others' situations  A little bit of context: I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II, general anxiety, and panic disorder. I've gone through easily five antidepressants for the treatment of my general anxiety and panic disorder, and none of them seem to help. I've taken lexapro, effexor, zoloft, and prozac (which I'm currently taking @ 60mg). I know I took something else, but I cannot remember which one lol. My present lineup of meds is lamictal 300mg/daily, prozac 60mg/daily, and .25mg of xanax as needed.
 The issue presently is that I feel as though the prozac is giving me extreme lethargy, which apparently is not a side-effect (according to wikipedia). In general, it mades me feel like that stereotypical view of how antidepressants feel. I feel like my range of emotion is extremely limited, I mostly feel like a total zombie, ect. Which, I have never experienced with my other meds, although those didn't end up working out for other reasons. Has anyone else experienced this with prozac? My doc said these are not usually side effects of prozac, but I feel strongly that they're the cause.
 I have an upcoming appointment, and I'm nervous to bring up my issues with prozac again. I don't want to seem like I'm making it up or something, but I feel absolutely miserable for a variety of reasons related to the side-effects that I'm perceiving.
  tl;dr : I've gone through several antidepressants  for the treatment of my general anxiety and panic disorder to help with the treatment of Bipolar II. Almost all of them have been terrible for me, side effect wise. I'm losing hope about the medication situation, and afraid my doctor thinks I'm bullshitting her. And, I just want to know if anyone else is experiencing intense lethargy and depersonalization on prozac (60mg)."
Starting Aripiprazole (aka abilify) in addition to escitalopram and modafinil, any advice?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Starting Aripiprazole (aka abilify) in addition to escitalopram and modafinil, any advice?  Hi everybody! I'm diagnosed with bipolar and recently my psychiatrist decided that I should start taking aripiprazole in addition to escitalopram (for depression) and modafinil (for narcolepsy). I'm very worried about starting this treatment as I have trouble with binge eating and fatigue/excessive sleepiness and I've read that some people have had these problems elevated by Abilify. Does anybody have experience with the combination of these drugs? And could anybody offer some advice on how to deal with these issues and possible side effects?
I don't want to die but having a hard time wanting to live  Close  10  Posted by    2 years ago  Archived  I don't want to die but having a hard time wanting to live  Hello all I would like to say thank you in advance. I really need people to vent to about this cause I don't have anyone else to be truly honest with about how I'm feeling. I'm tired of my life. I'm tired of feeling like I'm worthless and too incapable of dealing with life. I'm diagnosed with bipolar and fucking hate it. I hate the pills and feel like there making me wanna kill myself. I'm hurting inside and don't even remember what it feels like to be happy. I promised myself I would never attempt suicide, but as time goes on I'm having doubts about that promise. I honestly don't wanna die but I'm tired of living with this pain! Each day I wake up I have nothing to look forward too nothing to give me purpose and it hurts. My brain doesn't work like it used to and I think it's the pills I'm on for my BP. Anyway I'm just in a living hell, I also feel if I suicide I'll end up in real hell anyways so it's a fucking lose lose. Anybody who has felt like this and survived it and ACTUALLY found happiness again please reply to this I need hope thank you.
"Not sure if depressed or not but here it goes...  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Not sure if depressed or not but here it goes...  I'm very close to where I want to be in life, but I feel as if my extreme low self-confidence is holding me back.  I graduated from college a year ago from today and I was rejected about 40 times (lasting about 6 months) before receiving an offer for a temporary position. The job wasn't perfect. I personally didn't like anyone there (although everyone seemed to like me) and there was a lot of yelling. One day I was making constant mistakes and I ended up crying at work. I told one of the bosses I had a family issue and he was generous enough to allow me the next few days off. Overall, it was a positive experience and I'm very appreciative for everyone's time there. Its been a month since the job ended and I've had ten interviews and rejections. Only two have responded as to why they rejected me and I got the generic ""you weren't a good fit"" response which is more or less code word for you can do the work, but we don't like being around you. Can't say I blame them because I was stumbling every other sentence with a low tone of voice. I'm almost positive that if I had more confidence in myself I'd have at least five offers by now.
 Anyways, I told my parents about how I feel and they said that I should apply for a government job because ""they would even hire serial killers as long as they pass a test."" I know they're exaggerating, but they more or less accepted the fact that I'll always be so timid. Ironically I would take a government job now in a heartbeat, but if I don't grow up then I won't be happy in life no matter what I do! My whole life I did what I was told as best as I could and now I suddenly need to appeal to strangers (which I just can't seem to do without stuttering all the time) or they won't give me a chance! Its like my parents were right when they said I needed to make more friends! I just don't know what to do at this point. My psychologist is only useful for giving me more medication, I don't want my only friend to feel bad for me and my parents (while too good to me) are pretty set on thinking that a government job will make happy for the rest of my life. Also I'm diagnosed with bipolar depression (taking medication for it) and social anxiety (no medication). Now that I wrote that down I'm starting to think I should start taking medication for the anxiety... huh. So what do you guys think!"
EMTs of reddit...being an EMT with physiological problems  Close  2  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  EMTs of reddit...being an EMT with physiological problems  I have been diagnosed with bipolar type two and have spent some time in an inpatient hospital. Anyway I was watching g shameless and Ian was facing some difficulties after going to school. So my question is should I even attempt to go to school and waste my Montgomery GI bill if the chances are slim to actually receive work.
"Hello. I'm a very confused person.  ADVICE  Close  16  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Hello. I'm a very confused person.  ADVICE  I've had a makeup problem for a while now, swiping tiny discounted and bargain drugstore items to build my collection anytime I have a spare euro or so - problematic when I'm long-term unemployed and basically disabled from mental issues, so surviving off occasional pocket money from my parents. It's literally been my largest spending area, way above food or clothing, perhaps only in line with alcohol. The reason I never went to this community, although I was subscribed, is that I thought it's just a manifestation of my anxiety and depression, like drinking or doing drugs, anything to take away the pain. Not much that an online makeup community can do to help that until I help myself, right?
 But I started doing better. No depression, anxiety rare as I have no opportunity for it, and I stopped buying makeup for no reason. I even used my drugstore giftcard on boring things like shampoo and bath salts that I need.
 And today I got a Xanax prescription after a long while, and took one to see what it's like, and lo and behold, my inhibitions were lowered, I was energetic and happy after trekking through the woods, I needed some hairdye and I went in to swatch all the things just in case and suddenly find things I'd always been looking for on a discount, and I suddenly spent way more money than I should have... leaving no money to buy contact lenses that I really need. Worst thing? I really, REALLY like the makeup I bought and feel I might wear this single and quad every day, and feel I would regret not buying them since they're being discontinued.
 Guys, what do I do? I love makeup. I want to build my collection even bigger and have a choice of making beautiful looks. But this can't go on, amassing makeup is basically my main priority in life and it's insane. I'm addicted even when I'm happy. WHAT DO?
 Should also mention that I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, social phobia, mixed personality disorder (borderline+avoidant) and autism. Kind of a pickle, yes! Anyone relate to me?"
"Is this a manic episode?  Close  5  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Is this a manic episode?  Tldr; Just read the last two paragraphs then.
 Sorry if this is incoherent I've been up for a while. I'm 18, I live on my own and I'm completely independent with bills and shit and I'm currently not emplyed with not a lot of money, so I don't have much time to be at home and deal with this. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, I don't usually get crazy manic episodes and I thought I was actually going into a depressive phase recently.
 But I've been having the worst fucking sleeping problems, this week I've only been able to get to bed before 9am once. Two days ago I woke up at like 3pm after taking two tylenol pms to get to bed, then I still felt tired so I took an hour long nap from 5 to 6 pm, so I know my sleep schedule is a clusterfuck.
 That night at 3am I took 2 tylenol pms again to try to get sleep a little early, I kept my eyes closed for so long and I was so bored I decided to finally open my eyes and look at the time. When I took my eye cover thing off I saw it was bright as fuck, I looked at my phone and it was 8:30am, if I got any sleep that night it was 2 hours at the kost huy I dont think I got any and I decided to stay up all day to try to reset my sleep schedule.
 So the plan was to stay up until 11pm so I'd be awake for over 24 hours so obviously I'd be exhausted and could finally get to sleep, only thing is I didn't feel tired at all that entire day. I knew that if I were to run or workout or something I'd be out of breath immediately and every little thing felt like a chore so it was like physically I felt tired but like mentally I was super hyper, it's hard to describe.
 I went to bed at 11pm and woke up at 3am (when I'm typing this) and I'm so fucking hyper right now. I barely had anything to eat or drink yesterday and loss of appetite is common with my hyper mania, just wondering if mania is the reason for these sleep problems or if its my abysmal sleep schedule. If it wad my sleep schedule I don't know why staying up for over 24 hours didnt ""reset"" it."
I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder. AMA.  Close  3  Posted by  5 months ago  I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder. AMA.  18 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  level 1   1 point   ·    5 months ago  1 Does it makes you anxious or depressed? 2 How do everyday things work out for you? Please tell me your story I'm bored ╮(′～‵〞)╭
I had addiction to self harm, used to harm myself in public and I'm diagnosed with bipolar personality disorder. AMA  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  I had addiction to self harm, used to harm myself in public and I'm diagnosed with bipolar personality disorder. AMA  Was diagnosed 2 years prior and currently I'm clean for 1 year
"I'm diagnosed with bipolar NOS and have been in a mental hospital. I feel normal most days.  Close  2  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  I'm diagnosed with bipolar NOS and have been in a mental hospital. I feel normal most days.  I was diagnosed a year ago, but for as long as I could remember I thought something was wrong with me. First, I'm looking for someone else who is NOS. It's really confusing. You know how you feel better when you are diagnosed, because it puts a name on your behavior?  I don't feel better because I don't fit a category. sometimes I think it means ""well you act bipolar, buuuut i'm not sure.""
 Second, has anyone else been hospitalized for finally having a psychotic break? When it happened I was humiliated and felt like I didn't belong in the hospital, but now that I look back, it was the best thing that could have happened to me.
 When I say normal, I mean I learned how to deal with myself to a certain extent. After the hospital, I was on a cocktail of 7 different anti-depressant/anxiety meds.  I was a zombie sleeping for 13 hours a day and badly functioning.  I believe I needed to be heavily sedated but eventually wanted to wake up.  Now I only take a sleeping pill.  If I didn't, I wouldn't sleep.  My mind does not turn off.  I tend to say I'm constantly manic, even if I'm depressed."
"Last Manic Episode  General  Close  15  Posted by  23 days ago  Last Manic Episode  General  I'm diagnosed with Bipolar I and my last manic episode triggered psychosis. I believed I was preparing to be crowned as the next real life Disney princess, and I had been undercover royalty this whole time. I had 7 suitors who would all be moving into my apartment complex, and whoever left their front porch light on was the suitor with whom I would be going on a date. I thought my first bachelor was my ex-boyfriend (first boyfriend I had) and he was moving into the apartment next door, preparing his place for our date. I had many shots of tequila, some glasses of wine, and beer in preparation and got all dressed up. I thought out of the seven bachelors, I would only choose three. I thought I would spend a week with each and have sex on the last day. Somehow the sperm from all three would combine to make a super baby. One bachelor was a lawyer, one was a doctor, and one was a businessman - so all their genes combined would create a super baby who would cure cancer, defend innocent prisoners, and buy Tesla from Elon Musk.
 When I was admitted to the psych hospital the first time, I thought I had healing powers and kept touching people's backs to heal them. I also thought I had the ability to draw out people's speech/translate their words into English.
 I have much more I could type, but I'd love to hear from y'all if you've had any crazy delusions while manic/in psychosis."
I need advice :(  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  4  Posted by  15 days ago  I need advice :(  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Hi. I'm 23 this year and currently in what my country calls, a circuit breaker (aka partial lockdown). I've been trying my best to keep my fitness up, do my revisions diligently but every time I do that, I end up slipping into this state - Unmotivated, lazy-like state. Yes, I'm diagnosed with bipolar II and I think that I'm currently in my lows (am on sodium valproate). I can't seem to push myself to do these 'self-care' things that people so easily talk about doing. If anyone out there who can help me out, that would be great! :')
"I might just kill myself in a week  Close  1  Posted by  1 day ago  I might just kill myself in a week  TL:DR life is a long and arduous thing and I'm tired of fighting.
 So I will turn 24 on Sunday. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Depression and if you asked me at 14 where I would be at 24 well I would have said 'dead' I honestly didn't think I would get this far. But I did and it's been pretty ok up until the last year of my life. I'm going to try and break my life down into paragraphs it's going to sound whiny and bitchy
 I currently share custody of my nephew with my parents who I live with because my sister is a meth addict and I had to call CPS on her. She and her husband was arrested Saturday for a domestic dispute so that's probably going to from temporary custody to permanent custody real quick.
 I only have one close friend, which I'm ok with but it feels like I'm being a burden when I talk about my problems with them because well they have their own problems and I don't want to pile my own onto theirs.
 My parents aren't super supportive of me. I tried taking some paid time off of work (more on that later) and all they ever really did was give me work to do and complain that I wasn't working or doing anything, when I was trying to get better.
 I like my job but it doesn't pay enough for me to live on my own and I don't have any friends to be roommates with as I said. I also cut myself with a box cutter on my break today because my toxic little mind goblins decided that was a good idea.
 I'm not really popular in the romantic side of my life. I've gone legitimate months without getting matches on Tinder, I don't really like flirting IRL because I'm awkward and rejection isn't fun. I had a nice match recently but she didn't want to pursue anything further which kind of bums me out but her choice and I don't resent her for it.
 To top it all off, I was supposed to not be working right now and be taking time off for medical leave to get myself right. The second I do that, a literal pandemic occurs and gives me little choice but to return to work because I'd be missing extra pay.
 Basically I'm fed up and I am about to just take a mouthful of pills and hope for the fucking best. But I know that won't work because 2 bottles of ZZZquil didn't do it at age 18"
I hate when my doctor increases my meds to control the hypomania  Close  22  Posted by  1 month ago  I hate when my doctor increases my meds to control the hypomania  I know it's for a very good reason, I do. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1 and haven't had a manic episode in a few years thankfully but I get hypomanic episodes every now and then and especially during spring. Everytime I show the slightest signs of hypomania my doctor increases my meds and I hate it. Just let me enjoy it for a little. When I'm depressed, it lasts for so long that I just want the boost. Recently the hypomania has started creeping it's way back in. I'm not working right now, because of the Coronavirus I'm stuck at home, what's the harm? But no. I should have just kept my mouth shut. And yes, I am one to follow doctors orders because I have a husband who will watch me take my meds at night if he suspects anything.
"I survived!  BIG accomplishment  Close  15  Posted by  1 month ago  I survived!  BIG accomplishment  I've been fighting my mental health almost all of my life, I'm diagnosed with bipolar and ptsd. I've been loosing a lot of battles recently.
 I was about to loose the war when I swallowed a full month of medicine at once. I regretted it just in time for help to arrive.
 I've been struggling hours and I'm just now getting better. I was told I wouldn't survive."
"Do you need sleep issues to be bipolar?  General Question  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Do you need sleep issues to be bipolar?  General Question  Hi all,
 I've been diagnosed with Bipolar I and BPD and was just trying to figure out if my symptoms are perhaps more in line with BPD. I experience symptoms of depressive episodes and symptoms of mania completely, but I don't have a decreased need for sleep. I go to bed at a normal time and wake up at a normal time. Sometimes I have issues falling asleep, but that's all. Maybe I'll get 8 hrs of sleep instead of 12 some days. I wake up in the middle of the night almost every night, 2 or 3 times, but I go right back asleep. This could still potentially cause some problems I'd imagine, but it just doesn't sound like typical bipolar stuff.
 My symptoms of mania come out the most during social situations, but not always.
 Is this normal? Do you need sleep issues to be bipolar?"
"Nobody understands, and the one that does abandoned me.  Close  3  Posted by  15 days ago  Nobody understands, and the one that does abandoned me.  25/M. I don't know how much longer I will last. I don't have the guts to kill myself but I wish to die everyday. I don't know whether I'll live to be 30.
 My mental health has only been deteriorating. I have such a severe case of OCD I am sure I will perish because of it. I managed to control it for two years but I couldn't maintain it any longer. And then it spiraled out of control completely. The longer life goes on, the worse I feel my OCD gets. I often fail to focus and have false short-term memories and my OCD constantly obsesses about it. There's often so much on my mind I guess it's the reason why my short term memory appears to fall apart, and I feel this has gotten worse the past few years.
 I don't know what other disorders I have but I wouldn't be surprised if I'm diagnosed with bipolar, borderline or whatever.
 I cling onto toxic people, because they're the only ones I can relate to. They're the only ones that I feel so connected to they can put my mind at ease, and I can't ever let go.
 I had a bipolar girlfriend which also happened to be seriously suicidal. Saying things nobody with a clear mind would say, I could relate to her anger and frustration. The way trivial things could trigger a mental breakdown was so familiar.
 She felt like she was a burden on me, yet having someone so relatable and caring for her made me feel good. I did not get lost in my own thoughts for once.
 Still we were plagued by episodes of her wanting to break up and we did have quite a few moments where we ended up hurting each other. But I did feel it improved since she got on meds, even if her mental state was as poor as ever.
 Ultimately however, out of the blue, it was over. She just didn't want to hurt me anymore and I'm back to where I've been. She thinks I'd be better off with someone else or even just without her, but I don't see how this is any better.
 I don't have the energy anymore to move on. I've been feeling awful before her and I'm feeling awful now, and I can't handle a breakup well. I have no energy anymore to keep fighting against my OCD or to move on and fall in love again. I'm incapable of having a functional relationship in the first place.
 Medicine is useless. Therapists are useless. I feel annoyed and ripped off by them. They cannot help, they don't even understand, they trivialize my problems, they tell me they're not the right one for reasons I made clear on our first meeting, yet they kept me around despite how hard it is for me to talk about my deepest emotional problems. I don't want to talk about it anymore!
 I have given up.
 For a fleeting moment I had what I wanted in life and the moment has passed. My disorder cannot be cured and I lack the energy to fight it. It's too strong. I don't see myself in another relationship. My OCD even invades activites I usually enjoy. I just cry everyday. I've grown comfortable with the thought that I will not accomplish all the things I've set out to do in life.
 I want to fall asleep and not wake up again."
"I want to decrease my dose of quetiapine (seroquel). Semi success story.  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  I want to decrease my dose of quetiapine (seroquel). Semi success story.  I'm diagnosed with bipolar type 2 and Asperger's and have been taking quetiapine for roughly 8 years, maybe ten. I am unsure of my bipolar diagnosis and a previous psychiatrist suggested it may be BPD but she left shortly after (she was a good one). Anyway that's for a different thread one day. I started off on 600mg the reduced to 450 and noticed an immediate change in my eating habits, or lack of. I was no longer waking up at X-am and eating all the chocolate or sweet snacks I could find! My weight dropped from 17 and a bit stone to 14 in nine months, though I did have a decent hour+ walk most days and at a pace to make me sweat. After several weeks I then decreased again to 300mg which I have been on for around 4 months. Now I was due an appointment with my psychiatrist and psychologist that was cancelled due to covid, and one of the things I was going to discuss was decreasing the dose further with the intention of coming off them  at some point in the future.  I have 300mg tablets and a set of accurate milligramme scales - if I were to weigh a 300mg tablet, crush it and take the equivalent of 200mg (I know most of the pill is binder) is this safe to do? I'm assuming that the spread of quetiapine in these pills are equal throughout. I'd go down from 300 to 150 but the drop before from 450 to 300 was horrible in terms of side effects. I have a dozen 10mg diazepam in case of restless nights or irritability during the day.
 What are people's experiences with decreasing the dose and by how much did you do it? Thanks!
 Small edit: I have noticed no increase in irritability, no decrease in mood or suicidal thoughts apart from the first 10 to 14 days after lowering the dose. After that I'm fine, if anything I feel better on a lower dose. More motivation, I can keep to a regular sleeping pattern (still face some difficulty) and I'm preparing meals from scratch with fresh veg instead of microwave meals. I have also been microdosing mushrooms since the beginning of January which have had a profound effect on my mental well-being."
"How would lifting the military transgender ban work?  Close  5  Posted by   Moderate   2 months ago  How would lifting the military transgender ban work?  I am a vet and while I do not self identify as a liberal, I will be voting for the Democratic nominee this election cycle. At the moment I favor Pete Buttigieg, but I'm not here to debate the best candidate to get the nomination.
 There was significant blowback when Trump affirmed the ban on transgender people in the military among young people. I see this as a logistics issue - please do not reply calling me ""transphobic,"" as that would be a position taken in bad faith. I apologize in advance if I'm not up to date on all the correct terms and language. I have the following concerns.
   At what point is a person considered their declared gender? Everyone says gender is on a spectrum, which also means that a person's physical transition, if they have one, is likewise not easy to classify. If a person retains their primary and secondary sexual organs, can they still be considered their declared gender?
   Is gender dysphoria considered a mental disorder? There are many personality disorders and adjustment disorders that would disqualify someone from service.  Even ADHD and anxiety can be disqualifying.  I would think that gender dysphoria is a more intense mental condition than ADHD or anxiety. And no, I'm not shaming anyone with any condition, I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and idgaf who knows because I manage it with prescribed medication.
   What if someone enlists in order to receive free medical benefits and then uses that to pay for gender reassignment surgery? Should that be covered, despite the dysphoria being essentially a ""pre-existing condition""?
   What if you had people, particularly cisgender women, who refused to share a bathroom with an MtF? When I was in boot camp we had group showers, so it is my understanding that lifting this ban could force women to share a naked space with someone with male genitalia.
   I am legitimately ignorant about this point, don't transgender people require some kind of hormone medication for the rest of their life? How would that work in a combat zone? Would they store the medication in an MRE? Every single item is important when you've got a rucksack on and heading into a war zone, so it may not be feasible to have all the necessary treatment items.
   And finally the main paradox I have regarding transgender service in the military - it is either not a condition serious enough to require treatment before the end of service, and thus would not come up at all if the applicant did not mention it; or it is a serious condition that requires/required immediate treatment meaning that the applicant is not sufficiently stable to qualify for service.
 I'm very open to lifting the ban, but I insist that it must be done with the consent of  current  (not retired) Generals and Admirals out of deference to them. Military readiness is always more important than military social inclusion, without a doubt."
"Executive dysfunction(?)  Questions/Advice/Support  Close  1  Posted by  22 days ago  Executive dysfunction(?)  Questions/Advice/Support  Hi! I haven't posted here (or really anywhere) before, but I am a college student doing remote learning due to the COVID19 situation, and the way these circumstances are exacerbating my symptoms finally drove me to stop being shy. I am hoping you guys can help me.
 I was wondering if it's considered executive dysfunction/a common symptom of ADHD in general to have a problem where you cannot do certain tasks unless you complete other ones first, and you have to do them in a certain order or else there's a huge mental block. Compounding this is also the fact that I seem to feel like I have to do these things in a certain way ( don't ask me what that way is. I'm not sure if it even exists, because I definitely don't have a concrete idea) or I'm not doing them ""right."" It stops me from initiating anything I have to do. I then get ridiculously frustrated with myself for not completing any tasks at all.
 A lot of it is, like, I have this ideal day/schedule in my head, and then if I screw it up once (almost inevitable, because I'm human and also because I have trouble doing things to begin with), I can't do the rest of it, it's ruined.
 Does anyone else experience this? If so, have you found effective ways to cope?
 I googled this and got pages for OCD, but I don't really exhibit any other OCD symptoms and I've been seeing a psychiatrist for over a decade now and he never seemed to think I did, either.
 For background, I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and ADHD. Some people in my life suspect I may be autistic (not inclined to disagree), but I've never had it checked out.
 Thanks, guys. I hope you're all doing well!"
"When does it stop being ""I thought I saw/heard something"" and become hallucinations?  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  When does it stop being ""I thought I saw/heard something"" and become hallucinations?  EDIT: so I spoke with someone about it after a suicide attempt and now I'm diagnosed with BIPOLAR and was not sent to inpatient. Be honest with your doctor, yall. It's important to getting the care you need.
 ORIGINAL: Just as an example, I'll often hear my name being called. Sometimes my chosen name, sometimes my legal name. I also frequently see shadow people in the corner of my eye, and I'm terrified of the dark because then I see them in front of me too. I used to be scared to look out of the car window because I would see clowns, only to blink and have it actually be a fire hydrant or something.
 I know that seeing things sometimes is normal but how do I know if I need to tell someone?"
"I (25F) feel like I've been through this all in my head before and it's weird?  Discussion  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  I (25F) feel like I've been through this all in my head before and it's weird?  Discussion  I've been through ups and downs with my mental health over the last 6 years. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar 1 and generalized anxiety disorder, and in roughly 2015 I had a bout of agoraphobia after a trauma (no details to be mindful of triggers). Timely is foggy on exactly how long this went on for. I was never formally diagnosed but my therapist kept saying ""I'm concerned about this agoraphobia you seem to be developing.""
 At the time I was afraid to leave the house during the day for fear of being in crowded places, had difficultly opening the door for delivery people, and had panic attacks in stores and on public transport. At my worst, I was just convinced on some level that outside was dangerous during the day because people were dangerous. Being around people and seen by them made me physically shake. It wasn't really until the beginning of 2016 when I got my medication straightened out that I started leaving the house regularly again.
 I've luckily come a long way since then and I'm in grad school and working and can even take the train normally now. I'm not posting all this to brag about how far I've come by any stretch.  My point in explaining all this is that it's very strange to have my worst fears from my lowest point come true.  I'm sure a lot of us have seen the jokes floating around about how people were going to go to their therapists like, ""Told you so!"" But I've literally been talking to my therapist about how nervous I was about the virus since January, and of course, she said there was nothing to worry about. It's just very odd for me to grapple with one of my worst fears coming true and now actually having to worry, for very real reasons, about crowded spaces and being near people and contact with delivery people.
 As of right now, I feel fine it's just strange. I don't know how confronting a fear that was previously imagined and irrational is going to affect my anxiety long term. It's kind of like I'm going through that period in my life again but everyone else is there with me? If that makes sense? It's just a really amorphous ""weird"" feeling. How do you all feel right now?"
"Temporary blindness and some more  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   1 month ago  Temporary blindness and some more  18F, 174 cm 62 kg and white Lately i've noticed reoccurring episodes of almost total blindness. Unable to read from my phone or distinguish shapes. First time it happened was 2-3 weeks ago. My left eye was alright but when I covered it I couldn't find my way in my own room.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar, currently taking promethazine and adderall. I do smoke weed daily and deink.
 Details that may help: I felt some itching, heaviness and uneasiness in my eyes. I wasn't maintaining hand hygiene (6 on the 1-10 scale) during quarantine and I was handling flowers, dirt and turpentine. I did rub my eyes often and the two worst episodes happened directly after rubbing. Never had eye problems before.
 Edit: I went to a doctor yesterday morning, she wasn't able to find anything wrong. All she said was go to the ER next time it happens."
"1 month on lexapro! + anyone else on antidepressants?  Good News  Close  3  Posted by   Bipolar NOS   2 months ago  1 month on lexapro! + anyone else on antidepressants?  Good News  i'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder nos, adhd, bpd, and anxiety and since june ive been on a plethora of meds. off the top of my head ive been on trazodone, mirtazipine, latuda, seroquel, pristiq, biphentin, concerta, ritalin, wellbutrin and ive lost hope for finding a right combo of meds but i think im getting closer
 in january despite the progress i made i had a depressive/psychotic episode. i didnt sleep for days, was abusing my xanax, failed all my exams and fucked up so many relationships. i went off lamictal (like 2 weeks into it) bc i was paranoid that it was killing me slowly and rotting my brain and making me go blind yikes
 for like 2 weeks now ive started to see a future for myself going to universities and having actual career goals and i've never had that before so that's insane to me. i've started to work hard on school which hasn't happened in a stable way before (for reference i would either stay up for a week straight being a schoolwork machine and then crash and fail my assignments for a week after that) but right now i am consistently putting in effort!
 kind of having an existential crisis though because like
   cant nut
   does this mean im not bipolar anymore? or that i never was? i know it's a good thing if i'm not but like... it's a weird feeling because i was so sure of it and i was just getting used to the diagnosis
  5 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  level 1   2 points   ·    2 months ago  I just got put on lexapro too, honestly the first time I’ve felt happy in years. Still can’t tell if it’s genuine happiness or hypomania though. Still, this is the first time I’ve actually looked forward to the future in a very long time."
"is medication necessary?  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  is medication necessary?  i'm diagnosed with bipolar II and i'm supposed to be taking 800 mg lithium every night. i sent a form to my GP asking for a new prescription sheet a while ago so i can pick up more from the pharmacy but apparently since i updated my address they told me i need to find a new GP closer to my apartment. so i haven't been taking the lithium for a few weeks as i haven't gotten a new prescription.
 but i really don't feel a difference at all compared to when i have been taking the medication. maybe i'm a bit biased bc i dont really believe medication does so much. but i just don't think it's necessary
 i have an appointment with my psychiatrist in the beginning of march and i think i'll ask her what she thinks. but i'm almost positive i'm gonna get a shocked reaction like ""what?? you're not taking your medication?????""
 idk i'm just wondering if anyone else isn't taking the medication they're supposed to and feels fine or if it's a terrible idea to avoid taking it. thanks in advance :)"
"Am I even still bipolar?  Caution - Suicidal Thoughts  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  Am I even still bipolar?  Caution - Suicidal Thoughts  I'm diagnosed with bipolar one and usually have rather regular episodes in both directions. Last summer though I've had a few bad things going on in my life that resulted in a suicide attempt due to already feeling low and being overwhelmed with everything. I just got my official diagnosis and it had turned many things around for me and I felt like I had no chance to live then. I don't feel suicidal anymore but since that event I've been stuck in depression and I can't get out anymore and it makes me wonder if I'm even bipolar cause I'm not cycling anymore. It's also a different kind of depression than before. I feel resigned and accepting the fact that things are the way they are and that every attempt of me trying to change things is a sisyphos job that I only do to give myself the feeling of doing something. I don't believe that it'll help but I don't know what else to do.
 It feels weird because it's new and so long and I am scared that I'll not get out of this hole anymore. It's like I'm stuck down here and half hazardly trying to climb out knowing that it won't get me out just so I can give myself the satisfaction of at least having tried. But I feel so tired of filling my days with meaningless things I don't believe in and I'm tired of feeling so down and hopeless all the time. Even when nice things happen, there's aways that dark cloud hanging over me that won't let me appreciate the kindness of the people around me and all the nice things I experience in the way I should appreciate them. Is it normal to feel this way for such a long time (Since End of May last year) when you're bipolar?"
"Just why...  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Just why...  Eh. It's fun to be a teen. ""ThEsE ArE The BeSt YeArS oF YoUr lIfe!"" Than fucking tell me why I feel so bad about myself... I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression and my classmates beat me up almost everyday... I almost can't sleep because of the nightmares I have and of the wounds of the beatings. My parents know that I am depressed, but they just think that it's sadness. Everytime I fail they're so fucking harsh that I just wish I never existed not to experience the pain. I don't even have friends, or a gf. I'm pretty much alone, and I seek help. I'm desparate.
 I kniw that some of you guys are in a much worse situation, but I just feel dead inside. Guess why I really love Majora's Mask ahah. I'm so fucking tired..."
Should I (22 F) get back with my son's father (23 M) to be financially stable again?  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Should I (22 F) get back with my son's father (23 M) to be financially stable again?  Basically my ex and I had our own place, was financially independent, and managed to take care of ourselves for over a year. To make a long story short: I had an unplanned pregnancy, my ex cheated on me while I was pregnant and after, so I left him and became a single mom. I'm back living with my parents and I feel like such a burden. I'm enrolled back in college after taking a year off, but my current job doesnt pay very much ($9.25 per hour). I know I need to find a higher paying job but it's tricky to find one that's as lenient with my college schedule. I know the obvious answer is to not get back with the asshole. I just feel like there's no way I can support myself and my son on my own at least until I graduate, and I feel ashamed on having to lean on my parents. Not to mention I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and when all of this was happening I fell apart and got into a manic phase where I got myself 5k in credit card debt. I just need some advice (positivity please, I already know my life is sad and pathetic lol I don't need strangers to tell me that)
Is this mania  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  Is this mania  I'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, so hypomania isn't new to me. But yesterday, after some unfortunate events, I had to work community service till 10pm. I should be frustrated, I should be angry, yet I left feeling euphoric and laughing uncontrollably. I texted tens of people. I didn't want to go home, I wanted to keep on riding through the night having the time of my life. It took so much work to bring myself home, and during the shower I felt like I couldn't control myself anymore. I was happy and laughing and crying and dancing and so so energetic and hitting the wall. I couldn't sleep. I don't know whats the line between hypomania and mania. And if it does qualify as mania, why am I experincing if as a bipolar 2?
"Way too realistic dreams  Close  27  Posted by  4 months ago  Way too realistic dreams  Anyone has problems distinguishing dreams from reality? It takes me a while in the morning to get over my dreams (especially nightmares). I noticed that my dreams directly affect my day - i tend to be mad toward someone i dreamed of for something he did in the dream.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar spectrum (not fully  defined yet), currently on fluxetine only, doc wants to add mood stabilizers."
"Today was a good day, until...  Close  9  Posted by  3 months ago  Today was a good day, until...  Until it wasn't. And there was no reason for it to stop being a good day - nothing happened to make it bad. It's like my brain got to a point where it simply wouldn't allow me to enjoy anything anymore. I had all the supplies and ideas I needed to be productive and useful, but I couldn't touch them.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar II and am currently taking Ativan and Abilify, both of which are taken in the morning. I'd suggest that it's a situation with my meds, but it feels like I've always been like this - nights have always been the worst.
 Can anyone help me? I feel pathetic typing this right now, but this is the only place I feel comfortable letting myself initiate sharing this kind of stuff..."
i feel crazy because of my disorders  Caution - Depression Trigger  Close  8  Posted by  3 months ago  i feel crazy because of my disorders  Caution - Depression Trigger  i'm diagnosed with bipolar type 1 with psychosis and delusion, obsessive compulsive tendencies, an eating disorder, ptsd, and have a drug addiction (been sober for about 5 weeks :) ) and i feel terrible about it. i'm in a depressive episode right now. i received the diagnoses fairly recently, within the past 6 months but i feel like i can't be loved because of it. my boyfriend is amazing and he knows everything but i'm still nervous that it will be a problem. like i'll say the wrong thing and then he'll leave. i don't know, i just felt like spilling. sorry if i don't make sense or sound choppy, i'm on a lot of meds and they've fucked my cognitive ability. it took me fifteen minutes to post this. i'm sad about that too. i'm sad about most things.
"Bipolar comedown  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  Bipolar comedown  Hi community, I'm diagnosed with bipolar 3 as I can remember I still don't know how the levels works but I think 3 is for higher. Nevermind, I'm 28 M, weight 67 kg. Im struggling with mania episodes as well depressing since 17yo. The euphoric one last about 6 months and I can tell is incredible feeling, tho while mid depressive and bad ones the time seems longer. While on mania (usually as it spring till max November) either I skip take the meds or don't take them at all to boost my feeling (I know it's stupid) also to maintain it with alcohol or drugs usually stimulants cause I don't prefer downers. But as usually when all this feeling wears out, I'm kinda getting into the insecure mood, anxious and my serotonin / dopamine receptors are going so low. After I feel that happening I imidiatelly go to my doc. I thought changing to a new one, why not. (a friend suggested he's doc)
 Doc prescribed Topamac instead and said might add bromazepam, but we stick to diazepam. A month later I lost so much weight, about 25 kilos, and after the second appointment I got Zoloft as antidepressant. This combination literally drove me nuts, with an excausting lack of sleep straight 7 days and hallucinations.
 I didn't talk at all with this doc and went back to the one I had. I'm again on lithium diazepam and olanzapine. I stopped olanzapine imidiatelly as I saw I was getting so hungry, I had previously take' same thing and didn't want to eat all the fridge again 🙂
 So now I take only those 2 but I think I have a high tolerance for diazepam or it doesn't affect me as I want. Lack of energy, social anxiety, many racing thoughts and so on. This anxiety gives me a neurological pain near testicles, iv checked it like million times and it's not pathological or smth else. My main problem is the fact that Im afraid to socialise that much, my thoughts is very complex not bad but sure negative and going on and I have trouble sleeping. Also my memory is very poor and I lose focus sometimes because of this. I'll tell all these to the psychiatrist but I really gonna forgot to mention lots of things in 15 mins. What do u suggest? Sorry for long post and my English, thanks and have fun!"
"Hi I'm really sad, I cant talk to anyone about it in real life. Idk what's wrong with me.  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  4  Posted by  4 months ago  Hi I'm really sad, I cant talk to anyone about it in real life. Idk what's wrong with me.  99 Problems/Rant/Story  I am doing everything possible to not drown, I posted about my break up on relationship advice and everyone told me I need therapy and that my bf was toxic and I should never speak to him again. I feel I embarassed and stupid now.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar and adhd. when I was a kid they said it was rapid cycling. Last assessment I had they said I had bipolar with psychosis, ptsd, anxiety, adhd, and a few other things. It's all really confusing. I am prescribed seroquel,  I only take it when I literally cant calm down because it makes me gain weight.
 In the past year I lost a crap load  from when I didnt leave my house for 3 years and I feel like I look exactly the same. I cant risk gaining weight again or I'll hate myself more. My best friend said I have dysmorphia. My two best friends from highschool were the prettiest girls at school, I am alot taller than both of them and i feel like an ogre or the big ugly friend.
 I feel like my life is falling apart. I do stupid thinks without thinking about them and they make everything more horrible. When I was little always thought that bad things happened because I was a really bad person in a past life and this is karma. I have tried so hard to be a good person and make everyone happy. I put myself in everyone's shoes and always to understand why people do things because I would appreciate it if people did that when I have a bad day. But no matter what I feel like things just keep getting worse.
 My dad told me the other day that he doesnt think hes ever seen me actually happy in my entire life, and when I think about it I dont think I have been.
 I am pretty much using every ounce of strength I have to be a functioning member of society and I've never been able to do this be for, but I feel like I'm going through the worst time in my life. If you look at it from the outside it's just a breakup and I've been able to deal with alot more. But he was everything to me and I dont see any point in life if hes not gonna be there.
 I want to take my medicine but I don't want to gain weight. I also am prescribed adderall, and if I say anything about the weight thing I'm afraid they will think I have an eating disorder and stop prescribing it. It's the only adhd medicine that doesnt make me volatile and angery, or super depressed. I've been taking it since kindergarten. Every new doctor cycles me through every medicine and it's like torture.
 I dont want to do therapy because I've been to alot of counselors and therapists and when I gave them and issue they would only respond with common sense, which I already have. The only reason I can think to go is so I cant be able to tell one person everything and then maybe if they can know all of what happened and what went wrong maybe they can actually help me feel better. But I've never met someone who understands. They either dont actually listen or they just dont totally understand. When I was younger I thought they were just stupid.
 I if anything else happens i dont think I'll be able to handle it. I miss my boyfriend so much. I basically feel everything way bigger than it is, and I know I can be intense or overwhelming. But I try so hard to be good. I feel like I stress everyone out, and I cant hold everthing in. I feel really hopeless. I cant seem to fix anything.
 Everyone says my bf was toxic and horrible and ugly. I think he is the most amazing person on earth. I hate myself because he doesnt like me anymore. I spent 4 years with him, we moved in together at 17. He made me feel safe. I only sleep a couple hours every few day, I have vivid nightmares about him leaving. I can eat anymore. Eating food feels like trying to swallow dirt. I keep losing weight. I cry all the time. I'm terrified everyone hates me. I hate me. My bones all hurt, I feel nauseous all the time. My teeth hurt. I feel tight and uncomfortable.  I keep seeing things that arent real and I havent done that in at least two years. the other day I was sure a not real person thing stole my glasses even though I know just how stupid I sound.  I know it's because I havent been sleeping.
 All my friends tell I'm pretty and that I look like the sim character everyone tries to make and I feel pretty but then I'm afraid they're saying it because I'm ugly and dont want me to realize just how ugly I am. A lady at the store said I looked like a doll snd I was beautiful and at another store another person said I was pretty, all i could think was that they were making fun of me. I'm really vain, I sit in the mirror alot looking at everything wrong with me and try to fix it with make up. I care to much about what people thinks of me, to the point where I feel like I'm going to explode if I think someone doesnt like me. It like physically hurts and I get scared.
 I am worried that everyone only talks to to me so they can tell eachother, and make fun of me, and figure out more ways to make my life get worse. I cant really talk to anyone because i dont want to burden them or stress them out. I am afraid of people thinking I'm acting sad for attention. I cant talk to my mom because she will try to make me go to the hospital or take my medicine. If I take my medicine I will get fat, I'll hate myself even more.
 I'm really stressed about money, and like everything. I'm terrified of losing my friends or losing the place I live. I am so afraid of fucking up and looking more pathetic then I already do. I am broke and living with my best friend. I sold my nudes online and I almost let an old man fuck me fo money to pay rent. If I cant afford my place with my friend I will be sorry a worthless sack of shit.
 I have no personality anymore. I use to make friends so easily, I could make everyone laugh. My friend says I'm a depressed blob. I use to play video games and I loved reading. My mom saved for like a year so she could get my brother and I both a playstation for christmas and I cant even bring myself to open it. She cant afford stuff like this and it really matters to her but I cant focus enough to even enjoy playing games anymore.
 My cat screams all the time and will literally put her arms around your arm to pull you and give her pets. She screams whenever I'm not around, and aggressively needs attention and bashes her head into you. I'm afraid I'm not making her happy,or giving her enough attention and she is feeding off my negative energy.
 I keep hoping I'll get kidnapped and murdered, or hit my a car. I really dont like myself anymore or my life. I just miss my boyfriend and I miss feeling safe and I just and scared and confused all the time. My brain barely works.
 After the break up I spent the first month drinking and I slept with a guy in just met and he gave me a bunch of drugs and lsd and stuff. I hate myself for it but I thought it was the right thing to do to let go of my boyfriend but it made everything worse. I am so fucking unhappy and worthless."
"My boyfriend (21M) accused of masturbation in class...and me (20F) angry about it...  Close  6  Posted by  5 months ago  My boyfriend (21M) accused of masturbation in class...and me (20F) angry about it...  I just really need to let go of my feelings. The college Dean met with my boyfriend to let him know a woman submitted an anonymous report that he masturbated to her in class.
 He didn't do it. It's well against his values. Trust me.
 He hasn't eaten or gotten up from bed in the past three days. I feel so helpless right now. This ""incident report"" will forever be associated with his name. Even if the Dean says this report will be available to ""very few people internally"", information never has a guaranteed protection.
 I had many thoughts about it. When I heard about it, I uprooted a small tree and broke the EXIT sign. At least it made me feel a little bit better.
 I just wish some women aren't so paranoid that they exaggerate these things as ""sexual harassment"" incidents. It's like a he says/she says game. This is the reason I'm against the controversial side of the feminist movement.
 I've pushed him to claim it was the wrong person or truthfully say that he spaces out and often taps his foot. It makes his whole body shake, so it could've looked like masturbation.
 I'm trying everything I can not only to lift his spirits but also get that report voided.
 I just can't calm down. I've broken so many objects today over this. [disclosure] I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder."
"Vraylar and Lamictal for Bipolar 2 depression questions  Close  9  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Vraylar and Lamictal for Bipolar 2 depression questions  I'm diagnosed with bipolar type 2, ADHD, insomnia, and anxiety. I went to a new psychiatrist because I've been struggling lately with my depression (might be related to seasonal changes or the stress of starting grad school this semester... idk) and she recommended increasing my Lamictal from 100mg to 150mg and starting Vraylar at 1.5mg. I also take Adderall.
 I'm worried because I'm VERY sensitive to medications, especially antipsychotics, which have caused horrible akathisia for me in the past. It sucks because I was actually doing pretty well on some of my previous meds, but the akathisia ruined everything. I got it with Latuda and Abilify even after lowering the dose. I'm worried about getting akathisia again on Vraylar, but my psychiatrist said she's starting me at the lowest possible dose. Has anyone else experienced trouble with it on this medication?
 Also, I'm wondering what others have experienced when starting Vraylar. Did it work for you? What side effects did you get? How long did you stay on it? Do any of you have experience with a combo of Vraylar and Lamictal for bipolar?
 I'm also seeing a lot of different information about whether to take my dose in the morning or at night. Some people say it's very activating and can cause insomnia, so the morning is best. But others say that it causes fatigue and drowsiness so they take it in the evening. I'm worried about being too tired and unable to stay awake during the day... what works for you?
 And side note... have any of you been experiencing memory problems since starting medication? I can't really pinpoint if one single med has caused it since I've made so many changes lately... but over the past year, my memory has deteriorated so much. Might be the meds or possibly just a symptom of being bipolar... can anyone else relate?"
"A thought I've been having about different types of Bipolar Disorder  Discussion Starter  Close  7  Posted by   Flypolar   6 months ago  Archived  A thought I've been having about different types of Bipolar Disorder  Discussion Starter  So I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II and it makes sense given my experiences. However many resources I've read have claimed that BPII people don't really experience mixed episodes, and I get those a lot.
 So something I've been wondering lately is if these strict definitions of the different types might do some harm to our understanding of Bipolar. I've seen it called Bipolar Spectrum Disorder as well to reflect the different types. But even then, there's still only like 4 classifications. If it's a spectrum then treat it as a spectrum. It's essentially a number line, and numbers are infinite. Everyone experiences this disease differently, and I would argue that there are infinite ways to be bipolar. Some of us who are BPII have more intense hypomania episodes than others that might verge on full-blown mania. Some people across the Bipolar Spectrum experience depression differently.
 The different classifications make sense and I'm not arguing that we should scrap them. But I wonder if maybe we should view bipolar in a broader and more general sense. Thoughts?"
ODSP application for Bipolar  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  ODSP application for Bipolar  I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and severe fibromyalgia in the last year. I did not have a job and was still in school but I don't think I am able to continue going to classes as I'm too messed up. I have tried to commit suicide twice in the last three years. I'm wondering about my chances of getting on ODSP?
"Starting Vraylar with Lamictal questions  Close  5  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Starting Vraylar with Lamictal questions  I'm diagnosed with bipolar type 2, ADHD, insomnia, and anxiety. I went to a new psychiatrist because I've been struggling lately with my depression (might be related to seasonal changes or the stress of starting grad school this semester... idk) and she recommended increasing my Lamictal from 100mg to 150mg and starting Vraylar at 1.5mg. I also take Adderall.
 I'm worried because I'm VERY sensitive to medications, especially antipsychotics, which have caused horrible akathisia for me in the past. It sucks because I was actually doing pretty well on some of my previous meds, but the akathisia ruined everything. I got it with Latuda and Abilify even after lowering the dose. I'm worried about getting akathisia again on Vraylar, but my psychiatrist said she's starting me at the lowest possible dose. Has anyone else experienced trouble with it on this medication?
 Also, I'm wondering what others have experienced when starting Vraylar. Did it work for you? What side effects did you get? How long did you stay on it? Do any of you have experience with a combo of Vraylar and Lamictal for bipolar?
 I'm also seeing a lot of different information about whether to take my dose in the morning or at night. Some people say it's very activating and can cause insomnia, so the morning is best. But others say that it causes fatigue and drowsiness so they take it in the evening. I'm worried about being too tired and unable to stay awake during the day... what works for you?
 And side note... have any of you been experiencing memory problems since starting medication? I can't really pinpoint if one single med has caused it since I've made so many changes lately... but over the past year, my memory has deteriorated so much. Might be the meds or possibly just a symptom of being bipolar... can anyone else relate?"
"Lamictal (Lamotrigine) causing fatigue?  Close  4  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Lamictal (Lamotrigine) causing fatigue?  Hey folks,
 So, I was once on Lamictal for a solid 7 months, but then started to get crazy tired even when I slept regularly. I didn't know what was causing it, but suspected this medication, so I talked to my doctor and we decided for me to stop taking it. Some other stuff in my life was going on, so I was off meds entirely for a month and a half (with doctor supervision) and now we're trying Lamictal again (by itself, before I was taking it with other meds). The thing is, is I am getting insanely fatigued yet again.
 Does anyone else have experience with Lamictal causing fatigue? I've heard that if anything this drug is supposed to give you energy, not take it away. I'm so confused and am now dealing with imposter syndrome lol.... is Lamictal one of those drugs like adderall; where if it gives you the opposite effect of what its supposed to do, it means you don't really have the disorder? (e.g., I have ADHD, therefore I don't get ""high"" off adderall in the same way people without ADHD do, generally).
 I'm diagnosed with Bipolar 2, ADHD and anxiety. I don't know what to make of anything, and my doctor is running out of ideas for meds too. I've tried Latuda and wellbutrin, and they also made me stupidly tired. Last time I saw my doctor he literally asked me if I had any ideas for what meds I should try next lol, like wtf...
 Any stories or ideas from y'all to what might be going on with me would be appreciated.
 Be well and take care."
"Rapid Mood/Emotional Fluctuations  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Rapid Mood/Emotional Fluctuations  Hi all,
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Generally, my periods of depression and (hypo)mania are weeks to months long, and have a gradual and progressive onset.
 I think I'm heading into (or already in) a mild-moderate depression phase, but this time it feels different. Rather than experiencing extended feelings of emotional numbness, I keep oscillating between feeling numb and trapped with very dark thoughts, and feeling intense anger/being self-destructive. I'm not typically an angry or violent person, nor do I engage in self-destructive behaviours when I am stable.
 Can anyone relate?"
Anyone like me?  Support  Close  13  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Anyone like me?  Support  I'm more or less new to reddit. My husband told me to join to seek help and or support. I'm diagnosed with bipolar umungst other things and I have a very hard time with just about everything. The unique thing is I have had a diagnosis for years and cant find a peaceful way in life. My husband has been undiagnosed for years and has learned his way around. Imagine that. Now we are a family we have a toddler and one on the way. I'm looking for support and help with hoe to be a parent when I cant centerl my emotions nor can I help a manic depression or hypomanic episode and still take on everyday duties of parenting. I have always had help but i quit my job to be a stay at home parent and since then i have become less social and its started to effect my son. I barely speak so his communication skills despite my efforts are lacking and now being pregnant makes everything so so much harder. Even getting out of been to make breakfast is so hard to do and I feel like I'm getting lost. I dont know if this is the right page and I have join several other on the search for people who have my problems. Hopefully this isnt out of line for this page.
"Bipolar Type I peeps-- what's the difference?  Close  6  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Bipolar Type I peeps-- what's the difference?  I'm diagnosed with Bipolar type II, so I have hypomania. I get super excited, happy, want to learn everything and anything, want to frivolously spend money, have sex, and do some pretty reckless things when I'm in that state. Sometimes when I'm super high, I start hearing things and hallucinate?
 When I get my depression, it can range from moderate to severe. Some days I can at least manage to do something, just miserably, and other days I can't get myself out of bed and just sobbing constantly.
 But I wanted to ask-- what's the difference between the types, like how does full blown mania compare to hypo? And then the lows of Bipolar Type I, how does it work?
 Sorry, I'm really new to this info and want to learn more. Thanks for reading, though! (: and thanks if you comment"
"Not eating  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Not eating  So, I've been very depressed for a couple of years now. I'm diagnosed with bipolar, though I suspect it's more like borderline personality disorder. Over the last year I've had trouble eating; I take about 2 bites of my food and don't feel like eating anymore. Given I used to eat a lot due to a fast metabolism, this is concerning.
 A friend said it sounds like an eating disorder, though I can't think of anything that would connect food to my depression. If anyone has any ideas as to what it may be or advice, I'd be very appreciative.
 TL;DR I'm I never feel like eating after 2 bites, friend said it may be an eating disorder."
"I hit my father and I feel like killing myself  Close  10  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I hit my father and I feel like killing myself  My dog was barking a lot and my father started to complain aloud with him. I left my room and went to the living room where my dog was to take his blanket off him so he'd stop barking. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and Anxiety. My dog tried to bite me and I got really angry and yelled at him. I said ""I'm going to kick the shit out of you, stupid dog"" because I was really angry, but I neved advanced to do anything against it.
 My father yelled at me and I lost it and yelled back. My mom started to yell at me saying that he's my father and he can yell at me as much as he want and I told her to stfu because he yelled first and I was only protecting myself. My father advanced at me and I pushed him back. I was yelling the shit out of my throat, completely enraged, because they were saying everything was my fault and that I was indeed going to hurt my own dog, which I never did.
 When we all calmed myself a bit I got lectured by them, I told them I was so much better at my BD treatment but they still think I do those things because I want to and they said they didn't see any evolution in me so it was my fault that they thought I was going to kill the dog.
 Right now I feel like dropping myself off the seventh floor. I have no job, no girlfriend, nothing worth living for. I'm 28, a failure of a man for still living with my parents, and a sick fuck that spend almost $200 on meds every month, and still the people that lives with me can't see any evolution in me. I went to the doctor and he's put me on antibiotics because I almost destroyed my throat from all that yelling.
 Now I can't sleep, I can't do anything because intrusive thoughts of the fight keep appearing in my head, and then a voice tells me to kill myself, because it'll always be like that. If I get a girlfriend, or wife, or something, I'll just yell and lose everything. It's better to kill myself now than wait for it. It hurts, and I know that this post'll only be ""another diseased one's post"", so no one'll take it seriously. That just shows that I really ought to kill myself in the next few hours."
"Does this actually sound like bipolar 1?  Close  4  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Does this actually sound like bipolar 1?  I'm a bit skeptical. The supervisor at my clinic said I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1. These are my symptoms:
 Depressed, anxious, and angry all the time. No mood swings. Sometimes hallucinations but only when half-asleep. Maybe mild delusions under extreme stress. SSRIs make depression worse, don't make anger worse (with the exception of one SSRI  withdrawal ). Antipsychotics also make depression worse. Mood stabilizers make depression... worse, but can actually be countered with Ritalin (which I am prescribed for ADHD. When the initial euphoria wears off my mood normalizes a bit and I can experience neutrality and happiness instead of constant sadness like I normally do).
 She said the anger is one manifestation of mania. I was under the impression that mania in bipolar 1 is psychosis (which may include irritability, increased self-esteem, impulsivity, etc.).
 Another therapist at the same clinic said I had bipolar 2 for the same reason. She said bipolar 1 is psychosis, bipolar 2 is mood.
 A DNA test showed I have A LOT of genes for depression and low serotonin, but that I also don't respond to SSRIs (lol). Not many genes for bipolar, some big ones for schizophrenia though :(
 Now I'm not asking for any diagnosis here, I've been diagnosed with a lot of things, including things that can cause anger (which they know about, and yet...). I'm just really interested in psychology and this doesn't sound right to me."
"Relapsed after 14 whole months  Close  1  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Relapsed after 14 whole months  I don't know what happened.
 I'm diagnosed with bipolar II and I used to self harm quite a bit back in the day. Wasn't until sometime in july in 2018 did I resist the urge to cut after I finally got on latuda. But it wasn't until while did I actually get a breath of fresh air once I was on latuda 40mg and lamictal 200mg. It felt like bliss. I even got a 60 and 80mg increase and it was amazing.
 But then something happened. I just feel like I'm not invited to anything. I'm in a frat and I'm not in one 'special' group chat with anyone. I hang around with people but I'm not invited to a single fucking thing. I just kinda invite myself everywhere and I hate myself for it. It hurts knowing I'm always the odd one out and I feel like I'm worthless in that regard. I feel like I'm kinda extroverted at times, so I get energy talking to people, but I can't seem to ever enter conversations with other people. After a party I was at that was an open invite tonight, I realized how awkward I felt, so I left crying on the way home. There I took my razor and just started cutting my leg. So yeah, here I am after 14 months."
"Your experience w/ lamictal, buspar & wellbutrin (all 3 or just 1)  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Your experience w/ lamictal, buspar & wellbutrin (all 3 or just 1)  Hello all, I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I have been on lamictal and buspar for awhile. (100 lamictal, 15 2x/day buspar) recently went to Dr and I have been very very depressed and fatigue. He increased lamictal to 200 and added 150 extended release wellbutrin.
 He said lamictal may be causing the drowsiness (I thought it was only buspar) so now he has me take the lamictal at night.
 I wake up and my head feels heavy and I feel slightly groggy. Will this ever go away?
 Also, buspar still makes me drowsy. I will take all 15 mg at night, but cut it in half in the AM. does buspar cause drowsiness or cravings for you?
 Also, does anyone take lamictal at night?
 Thanks"
"My (21F) boyfriend (25M) is sick And I planned to visit him in the next town over but he says he doesn't want me there@  Close  0  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  My (21F) boyfriend (25M) is sick And I planned to visit him in the next town over but he says he doesn't want me there@  I have been having a rough week it's the middle of my exams and I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I'm the beginning of the week I had a breakdown and had to go the the clinic because I was feeling serveerly depressed.
 My boyfriend was supportive giving me calls and telling me he loved me ect.
 He came down with bronchitis and has been booked off work. He only lives a town away so I thought I'd come over and make him food and take care of him and whatnot. After I had arranged the lift I called him to let him know and his response was that he didn't want me there
 I understand wanting to rest exect and I don't want to be a bitch and sulk about this but this really hurt me? What can I do to overcome these feelings and be there for him?"
"Smoke ""free"" for over a month, I remember why I liked cigarettes  Close  1  Posted by   1069 days   2 years ago  Archived  Smoke ""free"" for over a month, I remember why I liked cigarettes  I switched to the Juul a little over a month ago. Since then, I haven't bought a pack, but I  have  smoked a couple of cigarettes, namely when I went out with friends and they had cigs and offered me. I never really intended to quit smoking, I just intended to quit regularly smoking, but not mind the occasional cigarette, like some of my friends are.
 However, today I've been really missing cigarettes. I surfed  r/cigarettes  for a bit and looking at all the different brands and blends brought back to me why I liked smoking: I enjoy it. Not to mention, I've been feeling slightly  off  for the past few days (not making excuses here, but I am diagnosed with bipolar, so while I've been stable for a while, I think the stress of the end of the semester is starting to trigger some things in me), with the addition of finals stress, and it's these ingredients that led me to smoke in the first place.
 Kinda just venting here, I guess."
"He left me pregnant ignored me and told everyone I tried to trap him with a baby.  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  He left me pregnant ignored me and told everyone I tried to trap him with a baby.  Hi there,
 So long story short. My ex and I planned a baby pretty early on in our relationship. After a few months I found out I was pregnant. He seemed delighted at the time but left me 5 days later saying it wasn't what he wanted. Of course I was distraught at the time and the thought of raising a child without him scared me to death. We wore kind of civil for the next month.  We met up we had sex on and off he would tell me he loved me and afterwards he kept changing his mind saying that nothing has changed and he doesn't love me or the baby and so on. Fast forward to a week before the first scan. He told me his mum didn't want him to go, (we wore both 23) safe to say I wasn't happy, He kept telling me he felt suicidal and the next day I didn't hear from him I was out of my mind with worry. I asked my friend to drive me up to his mothers for two reasons 1) so I could check and see he was okay. 2) so I could confront his mum and ask her what the problem was with the scan. When I got there I rang to say I was outside and finally got an answer he went mental at me for turning up without an invitation and so on. My loud mouthed friend started shouting at him down the phone in the car so I just hung up and left. By the time I got home I had a message from him stating 'I was mentally unstable and he would be cutting all ties with me'. I panicked rang a lot to no avail and sent him messages begging him not to cut me out of his life. I got no reply.
 Two days later was the first scan. I sent him a picture and let him know I was 14 weeks gone. I was ignored.
 In the height of distraught a month later I sent a message to his brother and sister on Facebook telling them the whole story asking them to ask either of their parents to contact me. (Leaving out why I didn't want his parents involved) still no contact was made. (This was June)
 In August I found out the sex of our baby and yet again text him to update letting him know how the baby was doing and so on. Yet again to no reply. I sent a few more texts asking what I had done to deserve this and letting him know that I wasn't going to allow him to ruin my life. ( completely out of anger) Later that month my mum and I decided to go up to ask him what was going on and if he wanted to see his child no one was there so I left a message. We went up again a week later but this time his mum answered. She was so arrogant and kept clicking he fingers in my face calling me a liar and a manipulator. She went on to say that I got pregnant to make a better life for myself (which I did find kind of funny at the time) and threatened to have me arrested for harassment and arriving at he house again without an invitation.  Also gave out that I mentioned the fact that 'he was having sex telling me he loved me and then straight afterwards told me nothing had changed' to her 17 ( a month off 18yr old daughter) I apologised for the fact that I regretted it and I wasn't thinking straight and so on. She told me they would be in contact when they wanted to and wanted a dna to prove her son was the father. I also asked for the family history and she went on and on about it saying I knew it. I was told there was a kidney condition but never the name. ( he had his kidney removed as a young child) I was told if it was his baby to get the kidneys checked. I tried to explain how sorry I was for my behaviour that I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and the situation was triggering it. She went on to say that my diagnosis was a worry in myself.
 At that point I was sick with worry I couldn't eat and couldn't sleep. I became unwell and was put back on medication ( for my bipolar)  at that point I was 7 months pregnant.
 I took everything she said. I went to the Garda who laughed and told me not to worry that he seemed like a mummy's boy and she couldn't charge me if she wanted too. I went to a solicitor who advised me to take out a zero contact order because of how distraught I was. (It sounded like they wanted to take my baby away) I also ended up in psychotherapy to help me deal with the situation,
 Fast forward to when I had the baby. The paediatrician wasn't happy to discharge me until he got the name of kidney disorder. I refused to call in fear of them knowing she was born so I gave the doctor his number. He got no answer and they had to take her off me for tests. After a few tests I now know that our baby has kidney stones which are harmless unless they move down, which is why she has routine check ups.
 Our child is now 1. He hasn't been in contact nor has his family. But everyday I live in fear. Anytime a car pulls out anytime the postman comes anytime a friend tries to take a photo. I'm terrified of his family wanting access or custody.  My ex told me about abuse in his childhood and also agreed when we wore mutual he doesn't want his family near his child.
 His mum also stated that she would tell my child about how I her to trap him and that I am a liar and a manipulator,
 I just don't know what to do? My parents are insisting I should make him pay for her at least. I refuse to go to court as I couldn't face his mother again without biting her head off."
"He left me pregnant with a child we planned, ignored me completely and then his Mam threatened to have me arrested for updating on pregnancy and trying to find out if he was going to be in the child's life,  Close  6  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  He left me pregnant with a child we planned, ignored me completely and then his Mam threatened to have me arrested for updating on pregnancy and trying to find out if he was going to be in the child's life,  Hi there,
 So long story short. My ex and I planned a baby pretty early on in our relationship. After a few months I found out I was pregnant. He seemed delighted at the time but left me 5 days later saying it wasn't what he wanted. Of course I was distraught at the time and the thought of raising a child without him scared me to death. We wore kind of civil for the next month.  We met up we had sex on and off he would tell me he loved me and afterwards he kept changing his mind saying that nothing has changed and he doesn't love me or the baby and so on. Fast forward to a week before the first scan. He told me his mum didn't want him to go, (we wore both 23) safe to say I wasn't happy, He kept telling me he felt suicidal and the next day I didn't hear from him I was out of my mind with worry. I asked my friend to drive me up to his mothers for two reasons 1) so I could check and see he was okay. 2) so I could confront his mum and ask her what the problem was with the scan. When I got there I rang to say I was outside and finally got an answer he went mental at me for turning up without an invitation and so on. My loud mouthed friend started shouting at him down the phone in the car so I just hung up and left. By the time I got home I had a message from him stating 'I was mentally unstable and he would be cutting all ties with me'. I panicked rang a lot to no avail and sent him messages begging him not to cut me out of his life. I got no reply.
 Two days later was the first scan. I sent him a picture and let him know I was 14 weeks gone. I was ignored.
 In the height of distraught a month later I sent a message to his brother and sister on Facebook telling them the whole story asking them to ask either of their parents to contact me. (Leaving out why I didn't want his parents involved) still no contact was made. (This was June)
 In August I found out the sex of our baby and yet again text him to update letting him know how the baby was doing and so on. Yet again to no reply. I sent a few more texts asking what I had done to deserve this and letting him know that I wasn't going to allow him to ruin my life. ( completely out of anger) Later that month my mum and I decided to go up to ask him what was going on and if he wanted to see his child no one was there so I left a message. We went up again a week later but this time his mum answered. She was so arrogant and kept clicking he fingers in my face calling me a liar and a manipulator. She went on to say that I got pregnant to make a better life for myself (which I did find kind of funny at the time) and threatened to have me arrested for harassment and arriving at he house again without an invitation.  Also gave out that I mentioned the fact that 'he was having sex telling me he loved me and then straight afterwards told me nothing had changed' to her 17 ( a month off 18yr old daughter) I apologised for the fact that I regretted it and I wasn't thinking straight and so on. She told me they would be in contact when they wanted to and wanted a dna to prove her son was the father. I also asked for the family history and she went on and on about it saying I knew it. I was told there was a kidney condition but never the name. ( he had his kidney removed as a young child) I was told if it was his baby to get the kidneys checked. I tried to explain how sorry I was for my behaviour that I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and the situation was triggering it. She went on to say that my diagnosis was a worry in myself.
 At that point I was sick with worry I couldn't eat and couldn't sleep. I became unwell and was put back on medication ( for my bipolar)  at that point I was 7 months pregnant.
 I took everything she said. I went to the Garda who laughed and told me not to worry that he seemed like a mummy's boy and she couldn't charge me if she wanted too. I went to a solicitor who advised me to take out a zero contact order because of how distraught I was. (It sounded like they wanted to take my baby away) I also ended up in psychotherapy to help me deal with the situation,
 Fast forward to when I had the baby. The paediatrician wasn't happy to discharge me until he got the name of kidney disorder. I refused to call in fear of them knowing she was born so I gave the doctor his number. He got no answer and they had to take her off me for tests. After a few tests I now know that our baby has kidney stones which are harmless unless they move down, which is why she has routine check ups.
 Our child is now 1. He hasn't been in contact nor has his family. But everyday I live in fear. Anytime a car pulls out anytime the postman comes anytime a friend tries to take a photo. I'm terrified of his family wanting access or custody.  My ex told me about abuse in his childhood and also agreed when we wore mutual he doesn't want his family near his child.
 His mum also stated that she would tell my child about how I used her to trap him and that I am a liar and a manipulator,
 I just don't know what to do? My parents are insisting I should make him pay for her at least. I refuse to go to court as I couldn't face his mother again without biting her head off.
 In other countries there is termination of parental rights for absent fathers? Would there be anyway of doing this here?
 I don't want money from him. I don't want to upset him as I'm still very much in love with him."
How did you feel after being diagnosed?  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  How did you feel after being diagnosed?  Did your bipolar diagnosis positively or negatively impact your life? I don't have the most supportive family when it comes to mental health, so a diagnosis would kind of be a secret between me and maybe two other people in my life. I have symptoms that I think point to bipolar disorder (been having what I think are hypomanic states). I don't want to try and self-diagnose, but I'm scared to get a professional diagnosis. I've seen a therapist before, but quit going a long time ago. So I need to find a new one. If I am diagnosed with bipolar or anything else, who would know? Like, who would be able to get that information? Just my therapist? Sorry, I know I'm at the point where I should really see a therapist. But I need a little reassurance I guess.
My boyfriend mocks my DBT skills  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  My boyfriend mocks my DBT skills  Ever since DBT was first offered to me I have worked so hard to learn the skills and use them. I was trying to use DEAR MAN to ask my boyfriend to see a counselor (he has lacked motivation due to depression and has lashed out at me many times when he is angry) and I told him if he didn't at least try it then it would be a deal breaker. He laughed at me for this and told me to just break up with him then. Obviously I care about him, but I am thinking about my long term goals for this relationship. He eventually agreed to try it, but this was after he tried to instigate a fight and then made fun of me for using DBT to avoid it. This has really upset me and in addition to everything I also am diagnosed with Bipolar 1 and have just come out of a manic phase. Now I'm trying to keep myself from getting depressed while still doing everything I can to maintain this relationship. Does anyone have any advice? Is this a relationship worth ending if I'm the only one who cares about getting help? Shouldn't your partner work with you to strengthen your DBT skills rather than mocking them and trying to invoke a negative response?
"Is This Self-Harm? A Coping Mechanism? Am I Alone?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Is This Self-Harm? A Coping Mechanism? Am I Alone?  I was probably around 9-10 years old. I got home and had sand in my hair, and I picked at my scalp until I couldn't find anymore with my fingertips.
 Almost a decade later and I'm still picking at my scalp. I don't have bad dandruff, but it's satisfying to scrape under my nails after scratching myself and seeing the white that comes off underneath. It's to a point where I pick scabs over and over again and have left scars. It doesn't matter what I'm doing, I'll pick at my scalp. It's kind of disgusting and embarrassing, and sometimes I don't even think about it when I do it. I also pick at my face intensely and I don't have bad acne.
 Does anyone else pick at their scalp? I am diagnosed with bipolar type two and have been treated for anxiety in the past. It's embarrassing and I know other people notice it. I just want an explanation."
"Invega Sustenna by Injection  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Invega Sustenna by Injection  Invega questions: ** I am diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder. One recent doctor misdiagnosed me as schitzo-affective disorder to get me access to other meds.  I got put on invega. To treat my most recent serious manic episode.  Two injectable shots, 1 in November, 1 January, extreme depression and adhedonia following afterwards.  Does your experience taking this drug allow you to help me answer these questions? Thanks -all these concerns are whether or not I am getting permanently ‘chemically brain raped’ from those injections. -1) is it possible that it’s comparable to suffering from a bad trip on acid which would possibly make a bipolar person too psychotic and out of reality for an extended period following taking too many tabs, but for invega it’s actually that instead of being too psychotic as if you were taking too many tabs of LSD, you lost certain drives and ambition/motivation due to invega remapping your brain.  (I feel more like a zombie now, like, my natural serotonin/ dopamine is cut off) (could just be natural depression following mania which I’ve has in past although it was never this bad of depression, also Iv never done LSD just weed and shrooms once, I had marijuana induced psychosis several times. Also, since I’m basically addicted to the ecstasy of mania even though I suffer terribly from mania consequences financially, chemically after anti-psychotics, — literally any mood less than full blown mania feels crappy too me. It’s like I’m an addict- can’t feel satisfied without that high) -2) how many half lives for two shots taken a month apart does it take to be out of my system? How many days? -3) Do I really have permanent adhedonia or is it my mind tricking me into believing I have that because I’m just naturally depressed following mania and its consequences (financial, chemically, damaged relationships, etc) and have thought that it’s true from reading up on others blogs? -4) Could it be because I gained weight 15 pounds and feel a little more self conscious about myself (I’m 206, was 188) -5) even when it’s completely out of my system can I still have permanent adnedonia after the 6 half lives or 300 days or when it’s completely out am I chemically back to normal? -6) is invega more powerful when taken by shot or taken by mouth?
 Thanks."
"What are everyday things you should tell at appointments?  Close  15  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  What are everyday things you should tell at appointments?  I want to see another psychiatrist and this one costs a lot more. Which means I shouldn't waste my and his time. Top make a productive appointment what should I bring up and also tell him? I am diagnosed with bipolar ii though I aren't even sure I have it, adhd, anxiety. What about meds.
 I'm gonna make a template to answer these questions at every appointment."
"Bipolar Medication Regimen: Vraylar + Lamictal  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Bipolar Medication Regimen: Vraylar + Lamictal  I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder amongst other conditions. I am curious as to two of my medications. With regard to the Vraylar, I am particularly a fan of this medication. I have done a lot of personal research on this medication and it seems to help a lot with the manic symptoms of bipolar disorder. While I would say that I struggle more with the depressive side of bipolar, I do think that I struggle with manic symptoms such as having immense difficulty falling asleep and staying asleep. Vraylar at 3 mg helps so that I can actually fall and stay asleep at nights. I have read that people can take the Vraylar in the mornings and for others it is better at night. I have tried taking the Vraylar in the morning and have just personally found that this medication helps me best when taken at night time. I am interested in speaking to my doctor about whether a dose increase is necessary in the future. I have had issues with this medication in the past where I have experienced nightmares while using this medication along with Lamictal, however I currently take a non-controlled substance anxiety med at night that helps so that I don't have sleep depriving nightmares.
 I am sort of curious about how useful Lamictal might be in addition to Vraylar? I have been on a dose of 200 mg of Lamictal for almost a year and while this medication helps with the depressive side of bipolar, to my knowledge it does not really do anything for mania. Also, I already take an antidepressant Zoloft that helps lift the depression and so I am wondering whether there is an added benefit to being on Lamictal or if it is unnecessary for my bipolar medication regimen? I am pretty sure that Lamictal does not do anything for mania and research indicates it pretty much only helps the depressive side of bipolar. I just think that because Vraylar helps with managing the mania (serving as a ceiling of sorts for my mood) and that the Zoloft helps manage the depression well from keeping my mood too low that perhaps the Lamictal is not necessary?
 I am seeing a new doctor who did not initially prescribe the Lamictal, so I am sure she is open to discussing the Lamictal and I would like to have some knowledge from Reddit users before my next visit in a few weeks. I am interested in any experiences people can share with Lamictal. I would just rather minimize excess medication to avoid the cost of it and to avoid unnecessary additional side effects."
I'm struggling with depression. Please help! (Cross post from r/TrueChristians)  Close  28  Posted by    Christian (Cross)    3 years ago  Archived  I'm struggling with depression. Please help! (Cross post from r/TrueChristians)  So I am clinically depressed. I am diagnosed with bipolar II, PTSD, GAD, and OCD symptoms. I'm under the care of a secular therapist and a psychiatrist and am on medications for bipolar disorder. Basically, bipolar is difficult to treat. You treat it with mood stabilizers, not so much antidepressants. Some people can take them, but I can't. They make my condition worse, as they do for many individuals. All this means I've hit a wall. I'm stable now, but I'm depressed. My doctor says there is nothing left medically they can do. My therapist is no longer helping me (I'm still seeing her, it's just not helping. I've been seeing her for a few years). Basically, I feel like the only one who can help me is Heavenly Father. Does anyone know any way that I can seek spiritual healing? I'm open to anything (as long as it is Christian based). I think the only way I can truly be healed at this point is by the spirit.
"I want to leave Canada in a year to move to Australia. I need to save at least 1k a month but I can't stop spending money and I need tips on how to not spend!  Budgeting or Saving  Close  10  Posted by   ​   5 years ago  Archived  I want to leave Canada in a year to move to Australia. I need to save at least 1k a month but I can't stop spending money and I need tips on how to not spend!  Budgeting or Saving  I'm terrible at these type of posts but essentially my current income take home is $2800 a month which will get increased in 3 months to ~ $3200 after I complete 8 weeks of skills training (where I will collect EI).
 I really hate it where I live.  I'll be turning 28 this month and I can't stand another day being idle and not seeing whats out there.   Originally my intention was to finish my ticket here (will be a 3rd year after this term), then travel, but I'm worried that by the time I get my ticket I'll be 30 and I'll lose my opportunity and my youth to see the world.
 I wont have any debt.  (I just filed 3 years of taxes, and the return I'm getting will wipe my Canada Student Loan debt clean).  I don't have any expenses (I own my home), my cellphone bill is 40 a month and my vehicle is no more than 200 a month and I can get by on eatting chicken breast, rice and protein vitamin mix and easily eat for 40 dollars a week.
 My problem is I go out alot because I hate staying at home and I'll eat alot, then stop at starbucks and get a giant ice coffee, see some clothing/shoes that I think look awesome and buy them on a whim, or i'll snack, or i'll splurge at the bar, or go on some dates with some girls, which causes me to be dead broke.
 To hear my coworkers today say how glad they would be to be in my situation (most pay mortgages and obviously make more) and yet they manage to still save money and have a nice lifestyle just goes to show you how bad I am with money.
 My impulse control sucks (I am diagnosed with bipolar/ADHD) and I know there is something I can do to tell myself to save money.
 There should be no reason that I shouldn't be able to save at least 1k a month if not MORE.  I just don't know how to train myself to not spend money on such useless shit that adds nothign to my life (except maybe to my waist line).   I know that I need at least 12 grand for Australia, should give me enough to be unemployed and get settled there and have a sizeable emergency fund if I have to leave Canada.  Even if my plan fizzles out by the end of the year I can have a large savings fund to get somewhere.
 Please help reddit!"
"I am depressed. Can anyone help?  Close  10  Posted by   Christian   3 years ago  Archived  I am depressed. Can anyone help?  So I am clinically depressed. I am diagnosed with bipolar II, PTSD, GAD, and OCD symptoms. I'm under the care of a secular therapist and a psychiatrist and am on medications for bipolar disorder. Basically, bipolar is difficult to treat. You treat it with mood stabilizers, not so much antidepressants. Some people can take them, but I can't. They make my condition worse, as they do for many individuals. All this means I've hit a wall. I'm stable now, but I'm depressed. My doctor says there is nothing left medically they can do. My therapist is no longer helping me (I'm still seeing her, it's just not helping. I've been seeing her for a few years).
 Basically, I feel like the only one who can help me is Heavenly Father. Does anyone know any way that I can seek spiritual healing? I'm open to anything (as long as it is Christian based). I think the only way I can truly be healed at this point is by the spirit."
"Women who experience mood swings on hormonal birth control, can you please talk to me?  Side Effects!?  Close  4  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Women who experience mood swings on hormonal birth control, can you please talk to me?  Side Effects!?  I could really use the thoughts of women who have had trouble with their moods on the pill.
 Long rant about birth control history here: I started taking hormonal birth control pills about two years ago, partially to control the ovarian cysts I'd started having, and partially because I was sexually active. I started on Yasmin, and felt depressed sometimes throughout the first 3 months but was trying to wait it out, and things seemed to level out. It really helped keep the cysts at bay. But, I had horrible dryness and tons of yeast infections, so I eventually switched to Microgestin.
 This was TERRIBLE for me. I cried all the time, felt ill, had symptoms of pregnancy, was suicidal, irritable, and eventually quit the pill and was fed up with hormones, so I went for the copper IUD. Sadly, this didn't work out for me. I gave it 6 months, but was getting cysts every month on top of the excruciating cramps I had for 3 weeks of every month and extremely heavy, long periods. I also seemed to have severe PMS symptoms during this time, like extreme depression and irritability in the few days leading up to my period.
 So, after 6 months, I got the IUD removed and went back on the pill. I tried Yaz this time, and if I remember right, it was because it had slightly more estrogen than Yasmin, and I thought that would correct the dryness problem. It helped a little, but after a few months, I started having painful sex, and decided I needed to switch again.
 Meanwhile, I'm having crazy mood swings--my mood just goes up and down every few days and I see a psychiatrist. I'm given a tentative diagnosis of cyclothymia/bipolar II.
 So I switch my birth control again to combat the dryness and painful sex, to Ortho Cept this time. Things on that end get better. I start treatment for Bipolar disorder, and feel slightly better but still kind of depressed. Now, 8 months later, I'm experiencing a low sex drive, but every time I'm on my inactive pills, my sex drive goes through the roof. People tell me how happy I look, that I seem to be doing better. I think so too--hey, my treatment is working! A week later, I'm not feeling so good again. My treatment isn't working, I'll never feel better. You guys. I'm just now noticing this pattern. Or at least I think it's a pattern. I start taking my active pills and feel like shit again.
 Those of you who experience mood swings/depression on the pill--how crazy did it make you? Is it out of the realm of possibility that someone could be diagnosed with bipolar disorder but it's actually just mood swings from a birth control pill? Up until two years ago, when I started dealing with birth control, my only psychiatric struggle was anxiety...I'm kind of freaked out here. Anyone with experiences like this?
 TL;DR: Started trying to find a contraceptive method two years ago. A year later, am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, treatment only sort of helps, and I'm pretty certain that every time I'm on the inactive pills, I feel way better. Help?"
"Feel like I’m going crazy  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Feel like I’m going crazy  (Sorry if this is the wrong place to post, this is my first time using reddit)
 Tw suicide
 I am diagnosed with bipolar and ptsd and have been on Venlafaxine 150mg and Quetiapine 50mg for about six months.
 For about a month now it has felt like the medication has steadily stopped working. I feel unbearably numb and depressed, some days I can’t get out of bed at all. Then I flip to having manic periods, often triggered by flashbacks or things related to trauma. It is getting worse and finally culminated in a complete meltdown last night. It was like someone flipped a switch in my brain, I no longer felt in control. I screamed at my partner, threatened to kill myself and tried to storm out of the house with the intention of either sleeping with a strange or throwing myself off a bridge. I’m ashamed of how I acted. Even now I don’t feel stable, like I could be set off again at any point. I’m genuinely afraid.
 Because of my situation (I am out of town and staying with my unsupportive parents for three weeks) I can’t access any of my usual support until mid-April. This includes my gp, therapist and the crisis support service. I am supposed to have a medication review with a psychiatrist when I am back in town at the end of April but with how things are at the moment I don’t feel like I can survive until then.
 What is happening to me? I am afraid and there doesn’t seem to be anywhere I can go for help. I don’t know how much longer I can keep doing this,"
"I [17F] don't know if I'm still too unstable to be in a romantic relationship with someone or if the guy [19M] I've been going out with is actually putting out red flags.  Relationships  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I [17F] don't know if I'm still too unstable to be in a romantic relationship with someone or if the guy [19M] I've been going out with is actually putting out red flags.  Relationships  I'm really in a low place right now and me explaining this is going to go all over the place and off topic a lot. I'm typing this part after I wrote the whole story and I stopped crying because it felt nice to get it all out. So really, this is more of a rant, so I apologize. This is your warning if you'll get frustrated with me for a messy story.
 Some context as to why I might still be too unstable: I am diagnosed with bipolar depression, anxiety and PTSD. The last year of my life has been the worst and I've been through so much awfulness that has turned me into a shell of the person I used to be. I thought I was sick in the head back then, but boy was I up for a surprise.
 I was ""touched"" at a small party by a 24 year old ""man"" with children and a wife. I reported the incident 2 days later, after a lot of crying and flip flopping on whether I wanted to report it. After that, my mental health took a nose dive. I used random hookups and short, unhealthy relationships because I felt so numb and alone and wanted to feel like a person and feel loved and appreciated even if just for a bit. Through about 10 guys, they all left me I gave up on school the last semester and barely graduated. I was so depressed that all I did outside of school when you could actually get me to come, is lay in bed and stare at the wall until I passed out, woke up, and did it again. I was in awful shape. I ended up going to an outpatient psychiatric facility for 3 weeks and it didn't really help. It was nice to get a break from everything for that time though. Through out this period starting a few months after I was ""touched"", I was in an extremely toxic relationship with a marine based about 30 minutes from my house. We moved extremely fast, to the point where we made serious plans for me to move back to his hometown after he got out of the marines for mental issues. I think I did all of this because I was afraid and alone. He has a lot of mental health issues also. Us both being at an all time low didn't mix well. He ended up leaving me out of absolutely nowhere, leaving me lost and confused. I had basically dedicated all of my free time to him in those 4 months. I was nothing but nice to him through out the entire time, including after the breakup and he said some really awful and mean things to me. He gave my number to another marine like 3 days after he left me and said he ""didn't care if someone else had you"". I was crushed. He knew how upset I was about losing him. I finally convinced myself to block him on everything and after a lot of hurt I got over it. After the sadness from the loss of the relationship cleared, I got so much better. With a lot of work, I got off of rock bottom and (up until recently) I have felt so much better and in a way better place. I met J about 2 and a half months after getting over the marine. Not just the marine, The past few guys I've dated and just had sex with have used me, cheated on me (the relationships), mentally abused me, ghosted me, and just didn't give a shit about me. It's left me jaded and very cautious about every little thing when it came to dating.
 I met J on an app, we didn't even really message much before we hung out. He asked me if I wanted to go do something that weekend. I said sure, the weekend came, and he said something came up. A few days later he asked if I was busy and I was on the way to the grocery store. So he came grocery shopping with me which actually was a lot of fun. He was very handsome, was nothing but a gentlemen to me, was funny, asked if he could give me a hug at the end of the night, etc. I was smitten.
 We hung out for a few hours every day for the next week. At like 12 AM we would take his car and park it in an under construction neighborhood and just lay in his car and talk. Even now, whenever we hang out, we've blinked and it's 1 AM and he has to get up at 7:45 every day and he hasn't minded. I made the first move, and after that he didn't touch me without permission until we got more comfortable with each other. Through out the month and a half we have been talking, we have had sex twice and occasionally messed around. He has never shown up to hang out expecting more. He seems completely happy just spending time with me, which he often reassured me of. It was very sweet and it showed green flags. He came to my graduation party, where he knew NO ONE except me, talked to everyone, met some of my family, including my parents, and made everyone laugh. At the end of the night, he came to another graduation party with me where he also knew NO ONE and we had a great time. Usually people would be uncomfortable going to these things if they weren't serious about you. He came to see me graduate after working a long day, and left straight from work while he was all messy from working on cars  just to see ME graduate :) he has hung out several times  with my family, I've met his family and have hung out with them a lot, my parents absolutely adore him, we're able to sit for hours and just talk, He's taken me to meet his friends, and he honestly has seemed like an absolute blessing after the shitty guys I've been through.
 He always assured me that he wasn't going to disappear, he wasn't in it just for sex, and that he honestly found me attractive. He said he wanted to take things very slow, which I think is a good idea also. For this reason he hasn't asked me to be his girlfriend and I'm totally on board with that. Taking things slow is better for the long run. All of this is CONSTANTLY on my mind. My mind runs in circles thinking ""is he messing around with someone else?"" and I'd try to give affirmations to myself like, ""he's never given you any reason to distrust him"". This worked sometimes. I always worry that someone is using me, or lying to me.
 Here's my concerns. When J and I aren't hanging out, which is sometimes for a few days, he just falls off the face of the earth. He's always on snap chat, so I KNOW he just doesn't use his phone a lot. I'd probably easier adjust to less communication while we aren't together if he was a guy who just didn't really use his phone, but he's always on it. After I haven't heard from him in a few hours, I'll check the snap chat map thing and it'll say he had been on snap chat like 10 minutes ago. Literally all the time. I have talked to him (through text) about how much it bothers me that he just disappears for hours or sometimes a whole day at a time when he says he is serious about me and ""thinks about me all the time"" twice. I asked him why he does that and he says he really, really likes me and that he doesn't want us to burn out and for this to end. Both times he has said he will try harder to answer more but I haven't seen him trying. What really sent my mind into a downward spiral in the past two days is that he usually texts me right as he gets off work, which varies. Usually he says good morning and we don't talk all day until he gets off for a few messages, then disappears. It was about 8 PM, which is two hours after he is technically supposed to get off but never does, and I was on the snap chat map (not in a stalkery way, just taking a quick swipe to see what my friends are up to) and I saw he was at home. I texted him asking if he was okay and he said he just got off work. I didn't say I knew he was home because that would for sure come off as super stalkery, but I was upset. After this I found myself obsessively checking the map to see if he was constantly online or if he was lying to me about something. Through this I have figured out he is literally on snap chat every 20 minutes or less, even at work. My mind keeps telling me ""if he lied to you about that, what else could he be lying about?"" The next morning he never said good morning like he usually does and I texted him a few hours later asking if he was alright and he just said ""sorry long morning"" and then didn't answer after that. We went out two nights ago and had a great time, and nothing has happened since then to turn him away that I'm aware of.
 I have tried my hardest to tell myself that I am overreacting to his next actions instead of it being an actual concern. I've been good lately about cutting people out when they're obviously not good for me, but this one leaves me puzzled. I have no idea what to do because what if he just happens to like talking in person more than text, I would have lost a great guy. Or he actually just forgets about me when I'm not around and just doesn't give a shit. I feel like I'm crazy. I've been going to therapy once a week and taking medication like I'm supposed to every day and I still feel insane when it comes to this stuff. I wish my mind worked normally and didn't obsess over these things. It's literally all I can think about. Some insight would really help. And yes, I agree it is a serious issue with the obsessing over it and it needs to be worked out. Trust me, I am aware of it and want to fix it so much. I just don't know what else to do about it.
   tl;dr : I don't know if I'm just too unstable still to be in a relationship and am overthinking it or him not texting at all when we are apart is a red flag."
"Denied medical clearance  Application Process  Close  5  Posted by   (your text here)   3 years ago  Archived  Denied medical clearance  Application Process  Hello, all. I was just denied medical clearance. I was in four months of therapy (September - January 2015) to deal with family problems - my mother is an alcoholic, which I explained in my personal statement, and I wanted to address some past concerns with this. The reason they denied me is because I am diagnosed with bipolar II disorder and they recommend three years free of therapy, rather than one year as is the case with depression. However, my psychiatrist has said that I'm ""bipolar-ish"" (his words) and lean more towards depression. My diagnosis was changed by a previous psychiatrist after I didn't respond well to a few antidepressants. I have been stable on the same psychiatric medication for five years.
 Part of me does not even want to fight the decision. I just feel beaten down and humiliated. I am living and working in Chile right now and it seems so tempting to stay here - why do I want to fight for a spot in an organization that doesn't want me?
 Any thoughts? Feeling pretty upset right now."
I feel alone and hopeless  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I feel alone and hopeless  Hey everybody, i am diagnosed with bipolar disorder 1, generalized anxiety disorder, ptsd, and adhd. I am a college freshman and I have a friend group that i really love spending time with but i constantly feel like they hate me and dont want anything to do with me. Because of this i tend to isolate myself from them alot and when im alone i have racing thoughts about how worthless i am and how i should end my own life. The thought of suicide happens at least once a day, mainly when im by myself. I am on mood stabilizers and they seem to be helping a little but i still suffer from extreme depression. I feel lost and i browse reddit alot but this is one of my first posts just because im so lonely and wanted to vent my thoughts somewhere. I havent told anyone but my family i am diagnosed bipolar, i just tell my friends i suffer from depression and anxiety because that seems to be more socially acceptable due to peoples misunderstanding on what bipolar disorder is. Thanks for reading
"DAE feel like opiates help them with their mental health?  Close  17  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  DAE feel like opiates help them with their mental health?  I am diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder and heroin as well as suboxone/subutex truley help with my moods. Not only am I am to werk, pay bills, maintain relationships, ect. while using but I honesty enjoy life. I have been through tons of therapy and different types of medications in my short life, all with the intention being to produce a sane stable me,and nothing werks as well as opiates. Sure, like the other meds opiates have side effects and pitfalls, they are just far more manageable/ tolerable. Just my two cents. Please share yours.
 Edit: Apparently at least one doctor agrees with me.
 ""I am ever more impressed with the benefits of opiate therapy in the bipolar, and if I find failure with one opiate, I will resort to another one, often with a cure or at least a near cure."" - Robert T. Cochran Jr., MD"
I'm [25] smothering partner [27] and dont know what to do..  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm [25] smothering partner [27] and dont know what to do..  First of all I'd like to say we had issues in the beginning of the relationship with my mental health. I simply celebrated have gone in and I'm now medicated. I feel like they have lost interest in me since I've been diagnosed with bipolar. I feel like I'm losing this person and the more I feel that way the more I smother them. I'm wondering if anyone has been in this situation of self sabotage and if they were able to get over it.
"Me [19F] with my ex(?)boyfriend [19M]. Started talking again after a month, but things are sticky. Help on what to do?  Dating  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Me [19F] with my ex(?)boyfriend [19M]. Started talking again after a month, but things are sticky. Help on what to do?  Dating  Hi everyone. Just a warning, this is about to be a long post.
 I started dating my ex, we'll call him Ben, about 1.5 years ago. We were mostly LDR, as he lived in Germany and I in the states. We made it work by skyping frequently, texting frequently, and also making trips to see each other as often as possible. I grew to love Ben, and saw him as a potential life partner.
 Ben, however, decided to break up with me about two months ago. This was a bit of a shock to me, as most breakups tend to be for people, but it made a lot of sense whenever I thought about it. Our relationship was unhealthy in a way, because we both stressed each other out. Neither of us knew how to deal with our mental health problems in a productive way, without compromising the others mental health. Not to mention, Ben has physical problems as well which made it difficult for him to constantly give me the attention he felt I deserved. I didn't make it easy for him, as I am diagnosed with Bipolar 2 disorder, and I was diagnosed during my relationship with Ben. I went through a very long depressive episode which in turn made me very suicidal, very depressed, and very hard to deal with. I ended up depending on Ben to fulfill my emotional needs, and basically be my personal therapist. He found a lot of problem with this, as he should've, and even as I got better he couldn't shake the fact that he had to be that for me for a while. It wasn't so much that he didn't  want  to be part of my support system, but rather he didn't want to be my  only support system.  That's pretty reasonable in my opinion. But to continue, he broke up with me citing that he was very stressed with his health, and he didn't have the energy to stress about mine either, and figured I felt the same. I did, and I agreed to the break-up and we went our seperate ways.
 I was very torn up about the break-up, as I loved Ben a lot. He was someone I told everything to, and he was my best friend. He knew more about me than anyone else on this planet, and I knew more about him than anyone else on this planet knew. We were inseparable for a while, and we were each other's go-to person. We did have our faults, as I was emotionally taxing and borderline abusive because I was dependent on Ben, and didn't really understand what I was doing half the time. I know using mental health as a reason isn't a valid excuse, but I do believe that it explains a lot of my ignorance of our situation. I was very selfish and demanding, and wanted a lot of attention from Ben when he couldn't give it to me. I was also very inconsiderate of his feelings and emotions, and felt like I was more important, in a way, than him. It was very toxic, and I regret ever feeling that way. I have since changed that behavior, and I don't really think that way anymore luckily.
 And now to where it gets sticky.
 Ben decided to talk to me again after a little over a month of no contact. It surprised me a bit, but I was also happy to hear from him as I stilled loved him. We talked about what has been going on, and we both seemed to be doing better in our lives since our break-up. We both discovered a lot about ourselves that we didn't previously know, or were possibly held back from knowing. Eventually, however, our conversation turned into an argument. Ben ended up confessing to me how hurt he was from our relationship, and how he felt like I suppressed him, and borderline abused him. It was hard to hear, but I listened and understood all of his positions. He said that he still liked me a lot, but he was still hurt and didn't know what to do.
 I still wanted to get back together with Ben, so I suggested we could possibly do that. He agreed he would maybe like to get back together with me, but wanted to have a strong friendship first before we get into that. I agreed, and we decided to try out a friendship.
 A big problem that we both had in our last relationship was that we rushed too quickly into the relationship. We had only known each other for a small while, and we both rushed into the relationship. I didn't want that to happen this time, but I'm finding myself wanting to rush again. I am seeing everything I fell in love with the first time, and I am seeing all the good, the bad, and the ugly again, and I want it back. I miss our relationship, and I feel like we have a stronger connection now than we did when we were together. I also feel more comfortable, and he also does as well. He feels like I've really improved myself, and he's told me multiple times how much he enjoys my company.
 Now this is the REALLY sticky part of the situation.
 It's been a bit over a month, and I asked Ben if he had thought more about a relationship between us again. Ben said he thought a bit about it, but he is enjoying our friendship so far, so he isn't 100% worried about that right now. It confused me a bit, because I am getting mixed signals from Ben. We basically flirt all the time, he teases me for my shortness (I'm 5'2 or 157cms), and for my lisp (which is okay, I know he's joking). He also calls me cute a lot, and offers to give me back rubs when my back hurts, or knee rubs when my arthritis flares up. He asks me if I'm doing okay multiple times a day without me asking him first, and even uses a cute pet name he made up (Poke, which is a reference to Stardew Valley if anyone knows!). He also asks me about things I have mentioned to him before, such as a test, or a problem I had with friends, family etc. I asked him if perhaps he still had feelings for me, and he said he does and he still finds me sexually attractive and such, but he's confused about what he wants right now. He explained he isn't sure if he even  wants  a relationship, or if he's just okay with our friendship the way it is. I explained to him how he's flirting with me and giving mixed signals, and he apologized and said that he just still feels strongly for me, but he still isn't sure what he really wants. This crushed me in a way, because I really want him and theres a possibility that he doesn't want me in the way I want him.
 I'm going to visit him and his family at the end of the month, and he even went so far as to help me buy the ticket and pay for my train to the airport. I know he feels some way, but I'm not sure what to do about it. So reddit, here's my question, do I keep trying to pursue him, or do I need to slow down and take the relationship a step at a time? What else do y'all suggest I do?
 Thanks so much!
  TL;DR: Ex and I broke up a month ago, started talking again and may pursue a relationship. However, Ex is giving me mixed signals and says he isn't sure what he wants, and is confused about the relationship. I want to still be with him and stuff, but I don't know what to do. Do I need to slow down and just take it as it is right now, or do I need to do something else?"
"Extreme Mood Swings after IUD Insertion  Side Effects!?  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Extreme Mood Swings after IUD Insertion  Side Effects!?  I got an IUD inserted about 7 weeks ago. I have the well known side effects like heavy bleeding for long periods (going on week 3 now) and I know it can take up to 6 months for the side effects to die down but, recently my mood has gone absolutely crazy. I am diagnosed with bipolar 2, manic depression, and GAD. I was doing really well before the IUD and now my moods are out of control. The love of my life is falling out of love with me because of these mood swings and it is causing a ton of stress in our household in general. I don't want it to be taken out because I'm very afraid of the crash since I recently stopped taking my anti-depressants.
 Do these side effects go away or are they consistent? I have an appointment with my GYN this week and I want to decide if I should get it taken out or just fight through the issues. Any advice is welcome.
 UPDATE: So I talked to my GYN today and she gave me birth control pills to use on top of my IUD to stop my bleeding which will hopefully stop the mood swings for the next 3 months. Then once I stop taking the pill see what happens. If it doesn't get any better after that 3 month trial, she plans to remove the IUD."
"Post Video Depression  Close  7  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Post Video Depression  Howdy folks, This is my first time posting on here. I stumbled upon this place a few weeks ago and have found myself checking it every day. It's nice to read comments from other people who are like minded. Many of you can probably appreciate not having to many people to discuss your creation processes with. So before I get into the actual post here, I want to thank you all for the company. Ok, that aside let's dig in.
 I am dealing with something that I have spun my tires on for almost a year now. I cannot seem to figure out a way to deal with it successfully. So I ask you for a little help. I love making videos. I have been writing stories and making short films since I was a freshman in High School. I get a rush from coming up with ideas for characters and story lines. Developing them into a fully fleshed out product is thrilling for me. Turning to my Youtube career, I have been making let's play videos for almost 2 years. I primarily focus on Minecraft but I dabble in other games that interest me as well. When an idea for a video pops in my head, it almost becomes consuming. I think about it while working around the house. I lay awake at night thinking of ways to organize the shots needed and what to say. I become singularly minded until I finally am able to sit down and record. Recording gets a bit frustrating at times as things don't always turn out exactly like what is in my head. I push through and get a finished project ready to upload. The desire is satisfied and the first few days are ok. I really like reading the comments and waiting to see how many people actually watch and leave likes. But then something happens. With the drive to get the project done gone, there is this hole inside that becomes really hard to fill. I try to find joy in other activities but I get so depressed that I can't. I start to then go back and pick apart the video and even at times resent them. I have started several series and never end up continuing them because the Post Video Depression is just so great that even if I do have an idea for the next episode, I can't help but think: ""What's the use?"". This tends to go in cycles as I will slack off and not make any videos. Then my subs start asking where I am and why there are no more videos and I will feel guilty and I will try to get the next rush of inspiration and hope back so I can make the next video but then it all just happens over again.
 I don't know if this is just me or if others experience this as well. If you do or you have some suggestions on dealing with Post Video Depression, please let me know. I really do enjoy making people laugh and entertaining them. I just want to be able to do that without the negative side effects. (I think it does bare mentioning that I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder. I am sure this plays a role.) Thank you all in advance for listening to me kinda pour myself out here. To be honest, its a bit scary but I am really hoping to get some help.
 Gratefully, Sirken1138"
"I hate stigmas  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I hate stigmas  I just need to vent a little frustration with myself and... society, I guess.
 I'm not gonna lie, if someone told me 5 years ago they have any type of mental disorder I would've probably thought they are a) exaggerating or b) crazy.
 5 years later and I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and see things in a whole perspective. What I would give to be informed all those years ago, to understand mental health, to not be part of a stigma. Why don't they teach more about mental health in schools? Why is it that I hear I should ""keep this to myself""?
 For me, the stigma made it more hard for me to come to terms with it. I still haven't fully. But it could've been different no?
 Sorry if this is confusing, I needed to vent. Please feel free to write your own thoughts/experience on this. It just feels like the world vs. me sort of thing now..."
"I need help, I don't know what to do and I am losing my mind  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I need help, I don't know what to do and I am losing my mind  I am diagnosed with Bipolar 1 and lately I have been feeling really out of place. I can't find anything I belong, I am a burden to everyone and I just can't think clearly anymore. I've been trying to get friends, but whenever I find some people I like, I push them away. I can't handle friendships, it hurts too much caring for people. The one person I truly tried to love died of leukemia. The last time I spoke to her before she died, she told me how much she hated me. Can you imagine having someone being your rock, but being so disgustingly incapable of returning any joy to that person?
 I don't blame her, I am a coward who runs from all of my problems. I have issues with my mood constantly, I bring other people down and I honestly have nothing to live for. I don't have any family that cares for me. If I were to die, I would go months without anyone noticing. I have some people I do care about, but I always get in trouble with them. I don't think they truly understand how miserable I am. I don't expect them to, but what can I do when I feel like my body is being teared apart from the inside.
 I just don't know where to go anymore. I am studying just so I can keep my apartment. I have no one to turn to. I don't talk to my family, I was mentally and physically abused by my father for years. He threatened to kill me multiple times. I threw away my medicine and I don't go to therapy anymore. I only talk to people online, and even though they are my closest friends, I know they are tired of me. It hurts me to try and care for them, but I really care a lot. It's just my heart can't take it. I really want to try and love, because they deserve it, but I can't. I am a mouthful, I am happy they tried to keep up with me. Maybe I will share this with some of them so they know how I feel. Today I've been cutting a lot and I think I should probaly get it looked at. I feel very lightheaded and not well. I am just so sad lately and sometimes I wonder why I would even let me feel this way when I don't have to comply with these feelings. Anyways, sorry for the sob story. I will read this a couple of days over the next few days and decide what I want to do."
Tulpas and Seroquel XR ("Quetiapine")  Creation Help  Close  6  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Tulpas and Seroquel XR ("Quetiapine")  Creation Help  In my Reddit lurking a few weeks ago I discovered this subreddit. It's very intriguing - I'm a neurodiversity activist and have met many people who hear helpful voices who have been wrongly pathologised, so this piqued my interest (especially as it fits the newer understanding of "psychosis" as unintentionally dissociated thoughts), and giving it thought, I wish to try it out. I myself am diagnosed with Bipolar II Disorder, for which I take 300mg of Seroquel XR - an atypical antipsychotic used as a mood stabilizer for me. Does anyone here have any experience with Seroquel and tulpas? Will it be possible to make a tulpa whilst on this drug?
"Eh, might as well.  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Eh, might as well.  Can't be bothered anymore. I'm 25, going nowhere in life. I'm a miserable loser wasting oxygen for all the people actually enjoying life. All I do is drink, jerk off and play video games, which I actually enjoy and won't stop doing. It has become my life now.
 3 months ago I lost my stepbrother to suicide. He did it because of some stupid argument with his girlfriend. Just like that, he hung himself. Well, more like strangled himself to death. He did it in his garage, which is as tall as he is. He could have put his feet down at anytime, but didn't. He was a childhood friend of mine. We knew each other long before our parents met and we cared a lot about each other, as a family. Maybe suicide isn't that bad after all?
 I've been thinking about ""logging out"" for good, for a while now. I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I can't control it. It eats me up. The last 4 years have been hell for me. This condition will haunt me for the rest of my life. There is no escape.
 All my friends and family have their own successful lives now, and I'm here isolating myself and sort of slowly digging my own grave. I can't take it anymore. I WANT OUT. I hate everyone around me, and they hate me. Life just isn't for me.
 life, the universe and everything is beautiful, except me. I could go on for much longer but I won't post a wall of text.
 I will probably drink waaay too much poppy tea tonight and just fade away. Or maybe a bullet would be a great last meal.
 I wish there was no tomorrow...."
"Need some advice/feedback/etc.  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Need some advice/feedback/etc.  Hello,
 My name is Echo, and I'm going to try and break down my problem(s) in a few short paragraphs, so bear with me.
 First off: I am diagnosed with Bipolar 2, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorder, and HIV.
 Secondly: I developed the PTSD/GAD/OCPD due to events that occurred in my childhood (specifically, mental/emotional abuse from my mother and mental/emotional/physical from my mother,) as well as an event wherein a student at a high school accused me of posting a death threat against said school on the internet. I was interrogated by the police/FBI for four hours straight and then made to wait two weeks until they completed their investigation (in which they found nothing, as I didn't do it.)
 Third, I have not worked a traditional job due to my symptoms and have been undergoing the SSI/Disability process for my mental health symptoms since 2012. I have managed to get by due to the kindness of friends and through freelance work (online) since 2010, when I turned eighteen and moved to Texas to be with said roommates.
 Anyhow, my conundrum:
 I fear, and expect, the SSI process to eventually end with a judge telling me that I am not physically or mentally handicapped to the point where I cannot work, and that I will have to get a job because of it. MY roommates (who are on the cusp of financial security after years of suffering in poverty) tell me not to worry about work and that I should just continue focusing on my freelance projects, but I hardly bring in more than a few hundred dollars a month and as a result feel incompetent.
 My idea for combating this ultimate decision, which I expect to go sourly based only on how it went previously, is to try to enter the workforce, if that is indeed possible given my symptoms, by volunteering for something I like (say, an animal shelter) and then progressing from there. The other option is to return to college (which I tried once and had a mental breakdown as a result of it) to try and get into a creative writing program to eventually teach, though as of now I am unsure how that would work for me mentally, emotionally, and financially.
 So, my question to you all is:
 Do you have any advice? Are my fears unwarranted, given my upbringing and the events that occurred throughout my childhood? I've been in therapy for years but still continue to deal with social anxiety and other symptoms (mania, depression, mood swings, episodes of rage, self-harm, etc.) and, though my roommates have been super supportive, I know I can't depend on them forever. I will eventually find a partner and move on from them, and at that point if I don't have SSI/Disability, I'm wondering how I will be a compatible/equal partner to them.
 Sorry for the long-winded post. I'm trying to keep stuff condensed, so if you have any questions, feel free to ask and I'll do my best to answer them.
 Edited to add: I'm 25, if anyone is wondering, and a gay male."
I think I'm too far gone and idk how to help myself anymore  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I think I'm too far gone and idk how to help myself anymore  I am a 20 year old female from a small town who has lived all my life w/ split families and extremely helicopter hover parents and step parents. I am the oldest of 8 siblings. I am expected to be the example yet all I seem to do is disappoint everyone. I am diagnosed with Bipolar Depression. I've always had a lot of pressure on me and the feeling of not being good enough. This caused me to be extremely insecure in high school. I am kinda awkward and have never had a boyfriend. Throughout college, before dropping out, I made great, cool people I considered friends. I hadn't had friends in grade school or high school that meant anything to me so these connections gave me feeling of euphoria. It eased the constant loneliness...for awhile. Eventually I gave up trying to get a guy to date after getting crushes on anyone who gave me attention. I am not good at reading people so I interpreted things as flirting that weren't actually.  Id get my hopes up everytime. I abandoned my standards and began to hookup with anyone who would. That's when Substances started to play a part. I missed classes due to being hungover and/ or just really depressed. There wasn't a chance of me graduating so I dropped out and moved back into my home town. I thought I'd be able to get back on my feet now that I'm away from that, but instead I crave the experiences and friends  I had missing out on for awhile. Yet here I am laying in bed since this morning feeling extra suicidal in a rental house my parents own. I cannot even invite people over without being questioned. Naturally, I haven't seen my college friends much st all. Most of them have moved away to big colleges now anyway. I just don't know what to do anymore
"Anyone have experience with psych meds and BC?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Anyone have experience with psych meds and BC?  I've been diagnosed with bipolar I, generalized anxiety disorder, ADHD, borderline personality disorder, and CD/FND. I've tried a few different pills, but from what I remember (it's been a few years), they kinda just made things worse.
 Now, being sexually active and child-free (23 years old), I've been looking at maybe an IUD (if not being ""fixed"") as actual birth control and not just PCOS treatment.
 I'm on 150 mg Seroquel and .25 mg Klonopin as needed, and my GYN is always concerned about interactions with psych meds and birth control.
 Just want to know if anyone has suggestions for birth control that may not interact so much or has had experience with BC and psych meds. I understand it's all individual and based upon everyone's unique brain chemistry, but I'm curious to other's experiences."
"Two unmedicated bipolars, one roof.  Close  17  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  Two unmedicated bipolars, one roof.  About a year ago I moved back home. Being in my mid-twenties, this is the last thing I wanted to do, but I essentially had no choice. Herein lies the biggest issue with this: I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I choose to work through this unmedicated. I do not have control over the highs and lows, nor am I seeing a counselor for help right now. A few months back I was seeing a counselor who wasn't qualified to help with mental health issues (his words, not mine), and it kind of just ruined the experience of ""asking for help"" for me.
 One of my parents is also bipolar. As far as I know, there is no ""formal"" diagnosis, but it is very clear, and has been clear, through the years that they are suffering with bipolar disorder. It made my upbringing very difficult and our relationship was very much strained for many years. Knowing this, I did my best to bite my tongue and keep to myself when I moved back home.
 Sometimes I just. can't. take. it!
 When I make a snappy remark in return to something nasty being said to me, suddenly I am at fault with the other parent, and need to learn to ""humor"" this behavior. I'm talking rude remarks being made towards me regarding my appearance, my behavior (even if I'm sitting in my room alone), etc. just for laughs. I can tell that these are the manic episodes. Defending myself becomes out of the question. I'm yelled at for not humoring this behavior followed by the bedroom door slamming. Constantly. I don't know what's worse though... the manic phase where I'm being picked on, or being around someone who refuses to get out of bed or come out of their room.
 It becomes so intolerable because I'm fighting so hard to keep my emotions to myself through this. I don't yell. I don't slam doors. I don't make nasty comments. And I pull myself out of bed on the days that I would rather sink into the comfort of my blankets and pillows and never get up again. This tortures me more than dealing with being bipolar on my own.
 Aside from moving out, which I plan on doing as soon as I have more money saved (it would be nice to save money if I could stop spontaneously spending it during manic phases!), does anyone have any advice on how to deal with this? Talking about it with my parents is almost out of the question because of the denial that THIS mental health issue exists.
 Does anyone else have experience with having a parent or SO or close friend with bipolar disorder, too? How did you cope?
 I apologize if it's annoying that I didn't specify the sex of the bipolar parent. I just really needed to vent/ask for advice before I lose my head.
  tl;dr  Living with a bipolar parent and being told to ""humor"" them instead of anyone admitting that there is a problem, and getting help."
"I feel guilty about calling my parents abusive but I need to move out.  [Support]  Close  5  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  I feel guilty about calling my parents abusive but I need to move out.  [Support]  To preface, I am a 20 y/o female in Canada. Only child.
 I have always been sensitive and introverted but it really escalated around puberty when I developed anorexia and later bulimia. My parents met at Alcoholics Anonymous and divorced when I was 4. My first memory is of them fighting. My father loved me but he always yelled at me and he took his frustrations out on me. Sometimes, he would hit me. My mom was the one with the fat paycheque. For years, I was shuffled back and forth between houses every two days. I had no other family in the city besides them so it was a bit of an isolated childhood.
 Looking back, my mother's love was always conditional. I believe that she loves me but she would withhold her affection and support if I did something to upset her. If I acted out, she would just call up my father and demand that he come pick me up. Neither of them have ever shown any real emotional support besides trying to outsource my problems to a therapist or placating me with material objects. One of those objects became food. It's my ""drug of choice"".
 I am diagnosed with bipolar II, bulimia nervosa and borderline personality disorder. It isn't surprising considering where they met. The bipolar and eating disorder are pretty well under control right now. I take a mood stabilizer regularly and I have had ECT in the past for severe depressive episodes. The borderline in the main problem now. I ""only"" meet 6 of the 9 criteria for the dx apparently but that's the dx. I can definitely understand the difference between a borderline mood swing and a bipolar mood swing now. The BPD mood swings are almost always in reaction to something, even if it seems insignificant. I almost feel like I don't belong here because of the borderline diagnosis; I don't want to be lumped in with the abusers but BPD often does breed them.
 I recently started a DBT program and they are helping me to understand how my BPD developed. It almost always develops because of some sort of trauma in childhood, even if it is not a blatantly obvious trauma and typically strikes the most sensitive. Part of recovering from BPD involves grieving and acknowledging the trauma. I have a private therapist, a psychiatrist, a case worker and the DBT group as supports. I am on disability and I am still trying to work my way back into university full time after a few stints in the ward. I am generally pretty functional lately. I have finally given up on committing suicide because I realized that I couldn't ever truly live if I had suicide as an insurance policy if things ever became unbearable. I don't generally take my emotions out on other people anymore; 3 years ago, I would tell a guy that I would kill myself if he left but that embarrasses me now. I take it out on myself privately now. I have zero self-esteem and it is the main factor in my fear of imagined abandonment. I do not have the ability to believe that anyone will ever love me unconditionally; my eating disorder would seduce me by telling me that if I was perfect, everyone would love and stay with me.
 I just need out. All of my supports agree that I am living in an emotionally abusive environment and need to leave. My mother is very controlling. She insists on knowing the phone number of every friend that I ever see. She holds grudges against me and keeps on threatening to kick me out anyway when I refuse to give her my fucking boyfriend's phone number. Whenever we fight now, I just try to get her to leave me alone and deescalate the situation but she never lets down anymore. I'm just nervous. I'm nervous that I'll get too lonely and fall back into a depressive episode. I'm worried about money; governmental disability doesn't pay much. My mother has said that she will cut me off of therapy and cut my phone off if I leave. She tells me that I am a ""piece of work"" and ""a dumb fucking c***"". I can't really work because they'll start taking away my disability money if I work too much. I get a small paycheque for an orchestra that I play in though. I suppose there are a lot of student bursaries for students with disabilities though. I'll get off disability soon.
 I can't live with my father because it would be just as bad and he doesn't have any money to support me anyway. They make me feel guilty if I ever tell them that they make me feel like a burden because they throw all of the material things in my face that they buy me. I am most definitely an example of how money doesn't buy happiness. I still want to maintain some sort of relationship with both of them but a more distance one.
 Has anyone else dealt with anything similar? How did you break away financially? Thanks."
I am the perfect asshole  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I am the perfect asshole  A couple months ago, I pulled one of the most fucked things I have ever pulled. I'm going to give you a background on the kind of individual I am. I am diagnosed with bipolar 1. I am well known for being kind and contributing to those in poverty. I am a very honest and sincere individual but what I did would make you think I'm an absolute piece of shit. I really want to understand what the fuck binds me to pull shit like this. Anywhore, I cheated on my lover of almost three years for the second time. I didn't physically cheat. I didn't even really care about the person (let's call her Rain) I led on. I just did it. I made up a story that my girlfriend (let's call her Daniella) had cheated on me and that I felt like I was settling. I lied to my lover and felt no guilt until it struck me in the face and I had already dragged this on for like a month by then. I was traveling and working at the time and had the possibility of fucking someone but I didn't. I kept lying to Rain, leading her on and enjoying it. Enjoying the praise and ego boost for the most part. Rain was much older than me (I'm 18 and she's 21) and her conversations kept me fixated. I liked flirting. I remember trying to cut her off then taking her back (even though we weren't dating and she knew she was homewrecking). I would ignore Daniella even though she has been the only person to actually love me and try to understand me. Sometimes I do things like this and I can't understand why. I wanted to confess this because after whatever the fuck my brain was making me do, I felt this overwhelming guilt. I felt bad for both women, I wanted to stab myself for being so self-loathing after doing this to myself. I didn't deserve to grieve. But I really don't know why I did that. I had to take a greyhound back home early. I never met up with Rain in person even though she was supposed to pick me up when I got there. I avoided her, grew annoyed with her. I knew I had no right to be angry at someone who I went out of my way to hurt. At some point I may have had an infatuation but never to a profound manner. What I have with Daniella is profound. I was waiting for the right time to tell her. I spent weeks staying quiet after ending things with Rain officially. An ex-close friend of mine that had gotten close to Daniella had found out about this and told her before I could find the right way to tell her. I posted this because I have never admitted most of this out loud. But I can't tell why I did this and I think I need serious help but I don't want to fucking say that because I don't want to sound like im shoving all responsibility towards my mental illness. When I'm manic, I'm very very different. I get mean, I get over ambitious, I get delusional, I stop sleeping, I start becoming irrational, and doing very different things. I really didn't want to do this to her, Daniella is my lover and my best friend. I cry thinking of what I did, I used to cry about it mid-way but I still proceeded. I want to understand my brain.
"Might have APD, got a couple of questions...  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Might have APD, got a couple of questions...  I've always had a hard time hearing, recently, I started a job where I spend about 5 hours per week on Skype meetings (about 20 +/- people in 3 locations). I've discovered that when more than one person on one of the other 2 connections is speaking I have a really hard time understanding either of them. This makes sense when you consider how computers output audio in a fairly small range of frequencies (especially with our crappy speakers).
 Anyway, the other day I was on a Skype call and I had to leave as I was so overwhelmed with so many people speaking that I thought I was going to throw up. I'm not sure if this overload is normal...
 It might be worth it to mention that I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder which has strong links to APD.
 Just curious what folks thoughts are..."
"Is there a way to take away the side effects of Latuda?  Close  3  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Is there a way to take away the side effects of Latuda?  I have been on Latuda for 3 weeks now and it has been working amazingly for me. However, it has increased my prolactin levels causing me to experience weird and annoying side effects near and during my mensurational cycle. During this time, I also noticed high amounts of irritability and anger.
 I was wondering if anyone knows any solutions to lowering my prolactin levels?
 I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and have been on multiple medications, but Latuda has definitely changed my life for the better. I only wish that I could get rid of these side effects."
My mental state is physically painful and I don't know what to do  Close  10  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  My mental state is physically painful and I don't know what to do  I am diagnosed with bipolar 1. It's not really relevant, just saying that so you know I am trying to seek help already. Today I spent the entire day in bed and felt absolutely miserable. I felt completely exhausted and unable to move, but also extremely nervous and agitated and sad, and no matter what I tried nothing could make it go away at all. The emotions have been so awful it's been physically painful. I'm considering getting rid of all of my friends. Not because I hate them. I just don't think any of them care about me and I thibk I'm a burden. When I'm not there they're all much happier - this is something I've observed multiple times. They don't want me there. Nobody wants me or loves me. The only ones that talk to me with any frequency probably only do so because more important people are annoying them or not available to talk. My only purpose is as a 'venting machine' which gives out venting opportunities to others. Nobody cares about me beyond this capacity and my input of shitty jokes when they need someone extra for a game. I feel utterly worthless. I'm like an extra in everyone's lives, and I'm living in the world's shittiest movie. Nobody has even enquired about how I'm feeling, and I know nobody would care anyways. I'm so sick of feeling this way. Maybe I should just distance myself from my friends. They wouldn't even notice if I stopped talking for a few days. Maybe I should kill myself, so I don't have to live through this any longer.
"X-post from r/bipolar: schizoaffective vs. psychotic bipolar?  Close  5  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  X-post from r/bipolar: schizoaffective vs. psychotic bipolar?  I am diagnosed with bipolar and anxiety disorder. Have been for five years, since age 15.
 had a ""manic episode"" which didn't really seem like a manic episode a few weeks ago. For example, I didn't have the typical ""manic"" symptoms of talking really fast, doing impulsive things, or not sleeping. I slept fine, thanks to Saphris.
 I had delusions. Delusions that I wasn't real so I kept cutting myself with a steak knife until I bled to prove I was real. Delusions that my ex boyfriend was trying to communicate with me in various ways. Delusions that I was in a video game and if I crashed into a car while driving, I wouldn't die and the game would restart. As if it were a video game.
 Hallucinations. Visual and olfactory, not auditory, which really surprised my pdoc. Words everywhere--in the grass, in the walls, in doors, in fences, in the road. Black specks flying around me or falling from the sky. Weird smells. I looked back while driving at the car behind me--the driver's neck was snapped. I tried to rationalize things by saying, nobody could possibly drive like that. It's just another hallucination.
 Paranoia constantly. that people were reading my thoughts, following me, etc. Racing thoughts, then my thoughts would be inexplicably slow.
 My speech was very stilted. My parents and coworkers noticed it and told me. I live with them still (I'm 20).
 People at work and school kept saying I didn't look right for weeks.
 Pieces of my memory are cut out. For example, I totally crashed into a car a week and a half ago at class and didn't remember it. The only way I know it was me was that the other girl approached me and the scratches in our cars match up. Other memory issues.
 Dissociative episodes. For one, I went to my boyfriend's apartment and for ten minutes was shaking and asking him who he was. I kept looking at him and not recognizing his face.
 Thing is, I'm fine now. My doctor told me exactly what are and aren't typical bipolar manic symptoms. I didn't have a full psychotic break. I knew my hallucinations weren't real, and I could usually talk myself out of my delusions. It's just very odd that this all happened without the typical symptoms of mania, like excessive energy.
 Part of me thinks it's a possibility it could be the worst form of anxiety, part of me thinks atypical mania, part of me thinks... Hey, some of these signs are nearly schizophrenic. I know none of you can diagnose me and I don't expect you to. But has anybody had the realization that their previous psych diagnosis was something else? And what made you realize that? What do these symptoms SOUND like to you?"
"Has anyone had a similiar problem losing friends?  Close  8  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  Has anyone had a similiar problem losing friends?  Hey guys im new here! I am diagnosed with bipolar 2 but for the past two years i have been off my medication (i realize now how stupid it was).  I am now seeing a psychiatrist and going to therapy and hopefully i can start getting my life back together.
 I have been in a very depressive state for the past year with minor manic episodes and have barely managed to keep my shit together.  Besides going to school and work i really have neglected all other aspects of my life including working out, friendships, and general socializing.
 I am trying to get back to how i was two years ago but i have pretty much lost all of my friends.  If it weren't for my family i don't know what i would have done.  Have you guys been in a similiar situation?  Did you manage to regain your social life?
 So glad i found this community!  Most people i come across automatically think bipolar is the same as schizophrenia or something haha"
"MEB Timeline for Psych Discharge and other questions about misconduct...  Close  3  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  MEB Timeline for Psych Discharge and other questions about misconduct...  I will skip the sob story and get straight to the facts. One and a half years after entering the military, I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder. My mental health psychiatrist I work with, writes a narrative and it takes about 4 months before it is finally sent to the MEB. Just today I finally filled out a release of information to release my medical records for the MEB. From here on out, what is an estimate of the timeline it would be from now until I am separated from service? It is an MEB, and from what I understand, that is different from a PEB, as it is a psychiatric problem.
 Second question: I have multitudes of LOR's and LOC's due to very minor things. They are all for dorm room inspection failures, and being late to work.
 I am late to work frequently because I have sleep disturbances, which I am currently working with a medical provider over. I have frequent nightmares and sleepwalk. I do things in my sleep I am not aware of, and I can not wake up the next day.
 I failed a fitness test as I had spent over a month prior in the hospital, and lost all of my training.
 Thus, I was rated as a 1 on my EPR.
 With this kind of record, even with a medical discharge, I am almost certain I would receive a general discharge, and what does that entail?"
What effect does alcohol have on other bipolar people?  Close  4  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  What effect does alcohol have on other bipolar people?  I am diagnosed with bipolar 1 and have experienced mainly mania with psychotic symptoms, with little depression when off medication. On medication I'm perfectly fine and lead a normal happy life. I do notice some mild ups and downs, but for the most time I'm stable. I do however notice that during a mild down period where I start to lose motivation, if I drink a couple of drinks, it brings me up and for the next week I feel more motivated and satisfied with my life. If I drink more than one or two days a week, however, the depression comes back. Does anyone else experience this? What effect does alcohol have on the rest of you, especially bipolar 1, and especially those who are medicated. I'm not advocating drinking alcohol at all, just curious what the effects on others are.
"I just listened to this song for the first time since I have been diagnosed with bipolar (Was diagnosed bout 2 years ago)  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I just listened to this song for the first time since I have been diagnosed with bipolar (Was diagnosed bout 2 years ago)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95Im4jkdtSE 
 .......   And I started sobbing uncontrollably.
 To make a long story short, recently I was off my meds for a while and was actually functioning well (I thought), but other people thought I was ""too manic"" and without giving all the details, basically I was forced to start taking medication again.
 The country I am living in sucks, what free choice do we really have? If being ourselves is considered too different or dangerous?"
"Bipolar mood stabilizers quickly lose effectiveness  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bipolar mood stabilizers quickly lose effectiveness  I'm 27 years old, 4'11"", 97 lb, F, non-smoker, no recreational drugs, daily medications: lamotrigine, latuda, carbamazepine, lithium (recently discontinued), diagnosis: bipolar disorder (somewhere between I and II).
 There doesn't seem to be an Ask Psychiatry, so I'm posting here (feel free to let me know otherwise). I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, but for the past three years we have been struggling with finding an effective mood stabilizer (a situation that is not uncommon, I realize). What seems to happen is that a mood stabilizer will work great for a month or two, but then I will relapse. The nature of my episodes seem to change as each year passes but it is difficult to tell if that is its natural course or if that's due to the many medication changes that have occurred. Together, they serve to deaden the symptoms, but every year I relapse to the degree that I become nonfunctional. As a result, every year we have to try a new mood stabilizer or increase dosages. Is it usual to have a mood stabilizer work only for a month, then become much less effective? I've tried three mood stabilizers and one antipsychotic (Latuda) so far."
How do you want to be known-- with or without?  Close  4  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  How do you want to be known-- with or without?  I have found myself lately in an odd place professionally and personally. I have spent much of my early career and adult personal life trying to hide out from my bipolar disorder. But, recently, I've found myself much more willing to share my story and my experience-- maybe because I am able to be very stable with my current treatment and support, even within an episode. It makes me want to tell people, when it makes sense, that I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, but I am doing just fine, maybe in some type of anti-stigma crusade. I find this to be particularly true with my family. I want them to know that I have it, and I'm dealing with it (largely because I believe more than one member has bipolar disorder as well). Does anyone else have this experience? Or anything like this happening?
"Me [23 F] with my classmates [20s-50s M], I am terrified of getting to know strangers, and therefore, can't make any friends in new university.  Non-Romantic  Close  5  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Me [23 F] with my classmates [20s-50s M], I am terrified of getting to know strangers, and therefore, can't make any friends in new university.  Non-Romantic  Basically the story is,
   I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and borderline personality
   The under control with medication
   The borderline is managed through therapy/coping strategies
   I am not a shy person and can be outgoing around the right people
   The problem is new and unknown people/environments/events cause me great anxiety because I need to feel like I know what to expect. To me it would be easier to just have no friends and carry on but my current program has many courses that demand group work (3-4 people).
 Finding a group is the hardest part because I know absolutely no one and just can't approach people. If no one approaches me, I run out and leave class because I feel there are no other options. Also I am studying in an engineering university where 90% of the students are male and I understand it can be difficult for them to approach the only girl in the class. The ironic side is that I'm actually a lesbian but I don't look the part. If they knew they probably would be more comfortable but I can't exactly shout it off the rooftops.
 I am used to being surrounded by men because my initial studies were in computer science. It was extremely difficult then as well but since the group was small it was somewhat easier. Also most of them had the same interest in videogames and the internet as I did and its easier to talk about something I love. At my current school most students in my program come from mechanical background and have varied interests.
 Some courses have very long and difficult labs that I take on alone because of my fears. I am in my second semester and still haven't made friends. Also the stress and extra work is really impacting my grades. My psychologist isn't really helpful advice-wise and I get I have to just face it. What I'm asking is to have a plan. I have no idea what to say or how to approach my classmates.
  tl;dr : I'm terrified of approaching other students to form groups. How can I get to know people?"
"My counselor told me co-ops in the US are biased against internationals :( Dissapointed international looking for safety/matches  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  My counselor told me co-ops in the US are biased against internationals :( Dissapointed international looking for safety/matches  Demographic:  Chinese, Malaysia, Female, mid-low income bracket?, applying as transfer student
  Academics  3.49 GPA (Probably will be lower after this semester), no SATs
    I am an international transfer student.  Currently, enrolled in a 2-year college.
    Completed most of my basic maths & sciences . I have done Calculus 1-3, Linear Algebra, Chemistry 1 & 2, Physics 1 in my current college. Would this affect my admission in any way?
    I am most interested in a good co-op program . I want to participate in this field and built up valuable experience so I am seeking a college that will provide its students with the opportunity. However, I have heard from  several  accounts from students & counselors that US schools discriminate or have a slight bias towards international students applying for co-op despite the claims on their websites. My counselors tell me not to take this into consideration when selecting schools. I would appreciate any comment on this.
    Important/impressive ECs. 
   I freelanced as a graphic/web designer throughout high school but have stopped due to college and other commitments
   I've won a competitive award highlighting my academic/ EC achievement  (the only award I've ever won)
   I'm a certified 200HR yoga instructor and I volunteer to various causes by teaching yoga (mental health related as I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder & depression)
   Competed and won cheerleading competitions on a district, state and national level
    what I'm looking for  ( in order of importance )
   Co-op opportunities for internationals majoring in computer engineering
   Affordable ( no more than 40k please )
  Good college cheerleading program
   Small-ish classes
    The school I hope to go to is the Ohio State University (although it is looked down upon in my current college ????). I think it's a great school for computer engineering :) Thank you all for your help! My only safety is currently Iowa state although it really isn't my favourite."
what cant i do with my life?  Close  3  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  what cant i do with my life?  hey i am diagnosed with bipolar. im 28 and about to go to a four year for computer science or nursing. not 100% sure yet... i know i cant own a gun or be a cop but i have no desire for those things anyway. my question is... what cant i do with my life with this illness? realistic and nonrealistic possibilities... like can i work for a top company or become president?
"Question about Klonopin and Xanax  Medication  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Question about Klonopin and Xanax  Medication  I'm new here and was hoping someone could answer my question. I am diagnosed with Bipolar II and currently take Lamictal for it. I have panic attacks occasionally and my doc prescribed me as need Klonopin. I quickly realized that it worked for when I knew I had large periods of time where I would be anxious but it didn't act fast enough for panic attacks. My doc prescribed me Xanax for those situations. I was wondering if anyone knows about using these drugs for different situations. For example, if I had a panic attack one week and used Xanax and then a week later knew I would come across an anxiety trigger I could take the more long lasting Klonopin. I don't mean taking these at the same time, I know that that can be dangerous.
 Does anyone currently use both of these but for different situations?"
Do anti-psychotics damage your brain?  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Do anti-psychotics damage your brain?  I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder. After trying many medications I am now following a stable treatment of 400mg Seroquel XR / day (one pill each evening). The problem is, I have a constant fear of damaging my brain through the long-term use of an anti-psychotic. The internet is full of articles in this regard. I would be greatly thankful for a professional opinion on this matter.
"Vlogging about life with Bipolar [HELP]  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Vlogging about life with Bipolar [HELP]  Hey Guys,
 I am diagnosed with bipolar for over a year now. The past year has been tough for me, I used to be a really positive person with big dreams and alot of ambition. Bipolar almost took that away from me but I'm managing to keep up with it.
 Now im thinking about vlogging about my journey w/ Bipolar disorder. Getting personal on selfmanagement and nog only the despressive stuff. But I hope tot encourage others by showing them you can still live life to the fullest potential. Im traveling to Barcelona next week, I would also like tot cover my Travel experiences.
 I was just curious would you be intrested tot watch?
 My own awnser ( I really wanted to  see positive life stories espacially when I felt like MY LIFE WAS OVER. I think my YT Chanel may help someone )"
"I apparently have everything going for me, but my life is a mess  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I apparently have everything going for me, but my life is a mess  Apologies ahead of time for length or scatteredness.
 So, I graduated from college four months ago. My best friend was getting married, my sister was doing well with her boyfriend, I was actually starting to get along with my mom, and my boyfriend and I, while rocky, were really starting to reconnect after thesis year. While things weren't great, there was optimism and opportunity.
 Four months later, my best friend is still getting married. They are even buying a house together. That's one of the good things. My sister, after four months of relationship stress and barely seeing her boyfriend due to work, is doing well and seems to be making up for time and opportunity lost over the summer. I'm happy for both of them and know how much they need this time for themselves, so I'm avoiding really talking to them and bringing them down.
 My mom is recently separated due to infidelity and seems to be taking a devil may care attitude to life. While this is an improvement over her anxious and micromanaging tendencies from years before (I had to limit contact), it has led to very limited support and advice. And my father is readjusting to a long-distance move and has never been the best in the emotional support department as much as he is the first person I will call if I need practical help.
 This really limits my immediate (and safest) support at a time that I really need some.
 My grandparents' health is rapidly declining. While this is really no surprise for anyone, my grandparents have been a sea of calm for me in a very chaotic life. I really don't have much to say on this point, as I try my best not to think about it. The thought that they won't be there soon is really too painful to process right now.
 My own mental and physical health is rough. I am diagnosed with bipolar 1, carpal tunnel, IBS, asthma, allergies, cardiac abnormalies and other labels I've had all my life that don't overly affect my daily functioning. Really, the heart abnormalities and asthma really only add to the list I need to tell doctors about. As for everything else, I don't have insurance (beyond basic Canadian health insurance), so I'm really not in any treatment except for my counselor who sees me for free. She believes I also have PTSD due to childhood abuse and I can't really disagree with her as it makes a lot of sense. So, I'm currently trying to work through childhood issues, anxiety, flashbacks, nightmares, panic attacks, mood swings and such only seeing my counselor once a month. Thankfully, I started this process over 6 years ago and have a lot of coping methods and agency resources that I can use to help. I also have my diploma and degree in counselling and psychology, so have a large amount of information and resources. Overall, as stressful as this can be, the main impact these issues have on my life is functioning at work due to limited mobility, need for schedule or structure and time for self-care.
 Additionally, I am currently beginning the process of determining the cause of a range of symptoms that may neurological in nature. I don't really know what this means yet, but I do already know that the amount of appointments I currently have is not conducive to working.
 Which brings me to my career. I have been looking for in field employment for over four months now. I have applied to over 100 jobs with catered cover letters and resumes. However, I'm in a job market that is saturated and I'm in near the bottom in terms of experience and middle tier in terms of education. I also have bills to pay, so have to avoid jobs that require very open availability and low hours. I also need some predetermined schedule to maintain self-care and appointments. This seems to really limit my options. After three months, I finally had an interview. The job had long hours and was an hour commute away. The wage wasn't the best, but they promised full-time, time for my appointments, and experience on the front lines. I decided to risk it, bought a car with most of my savings, borrowed a couple thousand from my boyfriend to make it work, and am now getting less than relief hours. And have been hassled several times about a day I am not available to work, because I need time to schedule appointments. This leaves me very tight financially (though I am extremely anxious about this topic as I have been so down and out of it that I had to pay my rent for a couple months in change in the past and never want to be near that level again[awesome landlady]. Realistically, I have just under two months of expenses while not paying down any debt). Also, my student loans come up in a month and a half or so. I'm trying not to think about that.
 I have had a couple other interviews recently, and I remain hopeful, but I'm also trying to be realistic and prepared for hard times.
 And this leads into my boyfriend. While I was worried about my finances and that my emergency fund was really depleted, he told me to not worry about it, he has my back if I need it. And he has the means to do so. He's been working the same job I currently am, but started right before graduation. He has regularly been working 5 to 6 days a week (24 hour shifts) and currently lives at home with his parents. He essentially has few responbilities or obligations beyond work and look for your career. Which is what he says he is doing. Looking for work that he can do for the rest of his life. And I get that. Where we work is fairly chaotic (whether only right now or its always been like this, we don't know), but it's supporting and building him while he looks for his career. I'm looking for anything to survive and start stabilizing, but I also keep my eye out for jobs that would be careers and apply.
 Sorry, that was a tangent, basically, I get where he is coming from, but this has left him very little time or energy for our relationship. This is a big problem for me. As some background, we've been together on and off for 3 years. Started as friends with benefits, I stopped that as I wanted commitment, he said he could agree to commitment, but I don't think he's ever wanted it. He's chased other girls and broken boundaries as much as he has never physically cheated. He has emotionally cheated. We've worked together as much as possible each time to rebuild the trust, modify our dynamic as necessary, and me to forgive him. Several times, I have had a discussion with him surrounding my needs not being met, what they are, possible ways of meeting them, what his needs in this situation are and how to address it together. At times, this works wonderfully. Other times, he says he is done with trying. I say ok, and try to move on. Usually within a month, he is back and saying he wants to work on things. But never any true commitment.
 We tried living together, broke up about 5 months ago, so he moved home. We got back together within 2 weeks, but he never moved back in. This brings us closer to recent events. He chased after another girl again, I said I was done until he got counseling. He agreed and things did actually get better. He would spend more time with me. We kept in touch a little more often. He was much more loving and attentive. But he was working 5 to 6 days a week. So, that appointment never got made. And hanging out seemed like it was a chore to him.
 So, I talked to him again. Said he didn't seem happy. He agreed. After a long conversation, we both think it's his depression. He has both depression and attention issues, and past issues with alcohol which has further complicated these three years (though, I'm no picnic at times either. My depression and anxiety can be very wearing over time though it has increasingly becoming better and more managed due to so much work with my counselor). I tell him I think he really needs to go to counseling. He's now been unhappy for months. He occasionally takes this out on me in the form of excessive sarcasm, ignoring me, biting remarks and such. I always call it as soon as it happens, he apologizes and works more in that area, but it becomes tiring after 4 months especially when I am his main emotional support. Also, it is hard to be up beat and optimistic and always trying to find things to do and modifying those plans at a moments notice because he's tired, or not feeling it, or forgot this really important thing. Additionally, while we generally have amazing sex (and I have a very high libido), I recently have to do the majority of the work in turning myself and him on, being always really into it or he can lose focus, giving and planning ideas to change up sex (despite actually being much more submissive in the bedroom). I'm also on top of his appointments so they don't come back to bite us, trying to remember what's going on with his family and life so I can ask questions, be engaged, and actually be part of planning things beyond a last second ""do you want to come?"" and such. I'm just very tired.
 I know this paints a horrible picture of our relationship, but there is so much good there that I don't want to give up on and walk away from. Practical matters: we have similar financial views, parenting views and our career ambitions mostly align. While we disagree on exact area of living, I'm totally willing to talk and compromise on this area. We both want kids, the same number, though, due to biology, I want them a little sooner than he does. He often is a wonderful emotional support for me, knows when to let me rant and when to call me on my shit. He phrases criticism constructively and we work together to address concerns on both ends. He also generally is very open to constructive criticism and working on issues. He can almost always make me laugh, we both love to cuddle and be cutesy in the same way, I love grocery shopping and errands running with him. There would be no one I would more like to stay up and just talk all night with.
 There so much more there too. We both say we do really well, until one of us hits a depression. I feel I've really worked on my end of things and bad depressive episodes are becoming much more rare and never actually last long enough to qualify as an episode. He is on medication and working on things himself (I don't know what this entails), but refuses to seek counseling (individual or couples) or offer other suggestions than for me to have patience (with no promise or commitment. We are not engaged, living together, or have any other obligation to each other nor any plans to make these obligations).
 Talking to him earlier today, I was once again stating I feel my needs are not being met. While there have definitely been improvements, and I really appreciate the work and effort, I'm really struggling with the no commitment or plans even for vacations together or anything else like that. One, I really need something to work towards and look forward to right now and a camping trip or day long hike with him sounds wonderful. Also, I was at his brother's wedding last month, my best friend's wedding is this week, my sister and her boyfriend are finally having serious discussions about practicalities in their future, and a coworker was telling me about her promise ring. It's hard to see commitment all around you and feel little in your relationship. Finally, I'm dealing with large amounts of medical and career stress. The additional relationship stress of what are we and where are we going is really tipping my limits. I stated I didn't really know what to do about all this, but I needed him to know. He stated he's been really trying, is really only focused on work and finding his career and he's done trying. This actually blindsided me, because it went from calm discussion and problem-solving to break-up in a couple sentences. Then, as he was leaving, we agreed to talk more after a group social activity we both have together tonight. And I don't really know what to say or think right now.
 As much as my relationship is a very big stress, and most definitely the longest stressor I currently have, I'm worried I projected all my worries and insecurities about my life on to my relationship. Because, despite my relationship being the largest portion of this post, I feel a lot more deeply about my health, career, and support network. It's almost like I have more I'm willing to say about my relationship cause I don't want to think about everything else. I'm worried that's poisoning my perception. However, my relationship is no picnic either and I don't think it's irrelevant even in the larger scheme of things.
 Overall, I am extremely frustrated that I am right where I was scared I would be after graduation. I am barely functioning, feel like I walk a tightrope between health, paying bills, and not secluding myself from life, and yet everywhere I turn for help, I am turned down, not eligible or beyond that agencies mission or skill-set due to the previous work I have put in. I'm extremely annoyed and frustrated that the harder I work, the more I out myself out there, and the more I try to take care of myself, the further I go from resources or help and feel more and more backed into a corner where the only option is failure and ending up in the hospital and non-functional again. I don't want to go back to that. Thank you for letting me get this out. It's been building for months now."
"Does your depression cycle?  Close  4  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Does your depression cycle?  I am just curious about how my depression acts compared to ""you "". I have had depression since the age of 12. It has always come and gone lasting anywhere from 7 days to two months. When it ends, it is usually sudden and my mood changes dramatically. I am no longer depressed at all, either normal, or have a high-energy period where I clean for hours, talk a lot, research/read/write obsessively, take on extra work, feel like jumping up and down and actually do jump up and down throughout the day.
 This may be confusing so I hope I can make my point here: I am diagnosed with bipolar II. I sometimes worry that my diagnosis is wrong and I only have depression. I was convinced of this until this past week when I went from depression to hypomania for 5 days, and now depression again. I also have anxiety, panic attacks and phobias. Reading this out loud, I realize how ridiculous this sounds but I guess I just want reassurance that I am not experiencing ""normal"" depression and ""normal"" depression does not have high periods. I just want reassurance that my diagnosis is correct.
 Does this sound familiar at all to you? How does yours cycle?"
Someone suggested that I might be autistic  Close  3  Posted by  12 months ago  Archived  Someone suggested that I might be autistic  The person has Asperger's himself, and thinks I might too. I am diagnosed with bipolar, ADHD, and anxiety, but this doesn't necessarily explain why I seem to truly not understand social cues (and I learn how to function socially by memorization or asking advice, because my intuition in social situations is just totally wrong most of the time). I need some things to be a particular way else I'll panic, and sometimes just panic for no reason at all or because I'm finding some noise unpleasant/scary. Also I don't understand things I can't visualize, so I translate everything into pictures/diagrams. Songs have shapes, in my brain, kind of like equations have graphs. I kind of struggle with articulating myself in in a way people understand. Oh also I have polydactyly and that is sometimes associated with developmental disorders I've heard. I'm not really sure what things qualify someone as having Asperger's, I've never looked into it. Is it a possibility I should think about and bring up with my psychiatrist? Though three diagnoses is more than enough for me me, beyond that, it should just be labeled "generally screwy brain disorder, see doctor's notes" in my medical file.
"Bad feels.  Close  10  Posted by   Pre-pre-pre-pre...   2 years ago  Archived  Bad feels.  I'd been pushing it deep for so long.
 But a random Facebook post about gender stuff and I'm back here cause I have no one to talk to about any of this and I just need to talk it out.
 I thought I was over it, like it was a phase, now I've been diagnosed with bipolar and go through self harm periods every month or so.
 But it's so I can stay with my wife, with our animals, around my friends, in the community I've become a part of.
 Still, I hate myself sometimes with a sadness that leads me to destruction.
 Sorry to rant. I can't talk to her, she'll fall apart. Then I'll fall apart.
 Sorry. All of you are awesome.
 TL;DR fml."
"19M dealing with years of sexual abuse and break up  Close  7  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  19M dealing with years of sexual abuse and break up  help.
 To begin with, a lot of the issues started at both birth and early on. I am diagnosed with Bipolar Type 2, specifically Hypomania. This becomes apparent later in my life. From an early on age, we had family live with us in our house. This was where my first incident of sexual abuse took place. A family member who was responsible for caring for me and my brother with Autism touched us and made us touch him from ages 7-11. My brother’s Autism is at a point where he can’t process a lot of daily functions, so we haven’t talked about it. I haven’t told many people. I never went to therapy for it. These memorizes are still fleeting in my head, but vivid recollections sometimes appear in my nightmares.
 Fast forward to age 13. I met this woman, let’s call her Frida. I know it seems elementary, but this is where a lot of the trauma starts. She would always tell me that I was fat and gross, and that’s why no one but her would date me. She always vocalized that she should be the only thing that makes her happy. We dated during this time, until age 16. On and off, but a lot of constant beating down. I was and still struggling to not let the things she’s told me about my body, who I am, or my existence affect me. However, in all honesty, it’s the source of all of my insecurities. I often find myself sad about things that she said was an issue with me from these formative years.
 When we turned 16 and entered High school, I began to take precautions against her. I would involve police and school officials often, because there were many instances where after I asked that she would leave, she wouldn’t. These situations often escalated to physical assault, stalking, and breaking into my house when I was asleep or not there and stealing my things so that I have to continue to see her. She currently has a restraining order from my work because she came in one morning and stabbed me with a lime knife. Stuff like that.
 Introducing Yayoi, my heart and soul. This is the girl that I’ve dated since late 16/17. She has always made me happier than anything in the world, and make fun of me for being young, but our connection was one of those that could last past high school and into forever. We were into the same music, communicated at the same frequency, entertained by the same humor, and so much more. Even thinking about her now is making me cry, I love her so much.
 Frida did not like that. She was constantly trying to be a presence in our relationship, and at the very beginning I kicked her to the curb as hard as I could. However... and sorry, this is where shit hits the fan.
 The first time it happened was after work. I’m a manager at where I work, and I always have to leave later than everyone else. She knew that, and was waiting for me when I got out. She was crying in her car, and was desperate for me to talk to her. I sat in the passenger seat of her car, and that was my biggest mistake. From there, she took out her knife and mace she kept on her and threaten to use them if I didn’t undress. There, she made me crawl into the back seat of her car, and made me have oral sex with her. Once she was done with me, she said that I was a cheater, and that I was nothing more than a pathetic man who cheats on his girl. I was scared. I didn’t know how to process this. She demanded that I keep seeing her or else she would tell Yayoi that I was cheating on her.
 This started a reoccurring string of her entering my personal space when I was most susceptible and making me do things under the same guise. I was anally sodomized numerous times, and forced to do more things that I don’t think I can stomach sharing yet. Every time she made me do this, she established that I was a horrible person for being raped, and that it was all my fault.
 Here we reach a point where I can’t handle it anymore. I started to hang out solely with Yayoi to make sure I was never alone. I didn’t tell her what was going on, because I felt responsible for being raped. Here, Frida continued to remind me that it was all my fault for what she did. Once I distanced myself from Frida, she started to tell everyone, including Yayoi that I had cheated and willingly done those things. At this point, my whole high school class was involved and aware, so I just denied it from ever happening. I didn’t want to come out to everyone and say that I was raped. I come from a family/culture where men can’t be raped by girls, and I don’t know. I didn’t know how to handle every day someone knew asking me if I did it. Yayoi stayed with me through these rumors, but it was stressful for both of us. Ever since then, I’ve done everything I possibly can to remove Frida from my life. This stems from fear mostly. I’m scared constantly of these things happening again.
 Fast foreword to this past December. College has started, me and Yayoi are now 2 years into dating pretty much. Yayoi was depressed at her college, and it infiltrated a lot into our relationship. I found my own self at a pretty low place. Here is where we introduce another girl, named Georgia. Georgia is someone I knew in high school who also went to my same college. We became good friends in college, and I often told her these traumas. One night, where I was crying in my room about my recent Bipolar diagnosis and how all of these things probably contribute to me being hyper sexual (an issue that Yayoi has vocalized to me before ), she outright said that I could touch her and get out my sexual tendencies. At a place of confusion, desperation, and everything else. I touched her boob. I regretted it immediately and apologized. She wanted me to do more, but I said no. After that, I was confused. This was someone who I thought was my friend asking me to do these things, I didn’t know how to handle it. I confronted her, and we agreed that friends is better. I still had such guilt in my heart. During that winter break, Georgia came to my house 3 times for extremely short durations. Nothing happened during those times. I never mentioned her stopping by to Yayoi. It was a similar feeling to the same fear that I felt with Frida. I didn’t want to lose Yayoi because I love her. And she knows that. I did a lot for us. To relate it to materialistic standards, I always drove the hour to get to her college on the weekends and drive her back to mine. Often times she felt like she was missing out at her college, so I’d drive her back that same day. The next day, she would ask me to pick her back up because nothing was happening at her college. I paid for our food often, I coached her and motivated her to apply to transfer to her dream school and she got in. I stood by thick and thin to support her in my best ability possible. Trust me, if you saw our relationship, you’d be blown away. No one had anything like us, something that was real, that had a genuine connection.
 Fast foreword to now. Georgia hates me because she became friends with Frida, also I called her out on some bullshit she did. She then told Yayoi what happened, however I told Yayoi first. What sucks though, is that Georgia is now lying the same way Frida did. Saying things happened that just didn’t happen. Turning it all into a game of he said, she said. Yayoi can’t even believe me because I broke our trust. Due to this, we broke up with consistent mentioning of making it work once she’s had the space. She told me that I need to make “progress,” so I’ve started meditating, working out, journaling, taking notes on communication, researching infidelity and how to work past it. I’ve saved up the money to finally afford my first therapy session and psychiatrist appointment.
 I’ve never let myself think about what Frida did to me, and today was the first day of letting myself feel it all. This arose because Yayoi texted me out of nowhere today (we haven’t been talking) that she would go talk to the woman who raped me today to find the “truth.” I told her a lot of this once she proses that. I broke down today. She said that none of this matters, and that I’m responsible for my own actions. I think. She kept saying that I hopefully never put another girl through what she had to go through. I didn’t want to put her through that from the start. I didn’t want myself to go through this. I wanna move away with Yayoi to an island and never come back. I know there’s more fish in the sea, but this is my fish.
 Today was my first time cutting myself, and I did it a little too much. She thinks that I’m mentioning this all now, and doing this all now, to manipulate her. I’m not, it just all kinda, came out this way. I want to talk to her and tell her everything in my therapy sessions, but she wants to talk to Frida about what I did. What I did was get raped. You know no idea the trauma of having to constantly authenticate your pain and struggle to people. I feel hopeless, constantly. I feel like I am powerless in my own life. I had nightmares about being sodomized constantly. I just want to hold Yayoi and cry. I know I did something wrong, but I’m dying to provide every route to make it better, especially time. She’s telling me she needs it, and I’ll wait. I didn’t endure all those things with Frida for fucking nothing. I want to be with this girl, but I understand she doesn’t want to be with me. She says she feels left in the dark, and that I never cared about her in the first place. She’s really angry right now. She didn’t care what I have to say. I was always there, I always gave my all because this is what I care about. I’m ranting now, a little too much, so I apologize. I just don’t know what to do, I don’t know how to feel. I don’t know where to go from here. I feel the same thing that I felt when Frida convinced me to attempt suicide when I was 16, utter hopelessness. But hey, a bottle of hydrogen peroxide might have fucked up my throat and intestines but it didn’t kill me! and I won’t let this kill me now. Maybe I will. My mood and perception of this situation is changing like the wind, If you can’t tell. I’ll just leave this all here, I hope someone reads."
"Anger issues  99 Problems/Rant/Story  Close  6  Posted by   Manic   11 months ago  Archived  Anger issues  99 Problems/Rant/Story  To start I am diagnosed with BiPolar 2 and according to my medical records that I read recently they are fairly sure that I have BPD as well.  They also made a specific note that I also display narcissistic tendencies.  So, Bipolar 2, BPD, and narcissistic tendencies.  I've been called a mean, vindictive, arrogant, know it all.  I also say that I have nothing to offer people because I am shit with empathy.  I'm not extremely caring.  And I am not all that considerate.
 Due to a few issues outside of things I could control and a couple that I could I ended up running out of my meds (Risperdal) and haven't had it for two weeks.  I finally managed to get an appointment setup for this Thursday to finally get more.  However in these two weeks I have been driving my roomates / best friends insane.
 I will fly off the handle at everything and start yelling, block doors so people can't walk through them, or refuse to leave people alone when they ask.  I will refuse to listen to anything.  It gets to the point my best friend will threaten to call the police if I don't get out of her room and leave her alone.  To be clear I'm not going to physically hurt anyone.  All of that is bad in and of it self but the thing that is really making the situation worse is what I do once I back down.  20 minutes or later I will apologize or try to and be as if nothing ever happened.  I have even tried to go out to lunch after having what I will call an episode.
 Lately my best friend has taken to calling me a psychopath for how I am acting and how I don't seem bothered by what did happen.  She even said bipolar people like me need to be locked up saying I am a danger to society.
 I really don't know what to do anymore because I hate being this way but I don't really know how to not have those kind of episodes.
 I don't know what I want from this subreddit I guess I just wanted to rant mostly."
"Anyone else hate ""the process?"" Frustrated is an understatement...  Close  1  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Anyone else hate ""the process?"" Frustrated is an understatement...  So I am diagnosed with Bipolar, have been on Lamictal over a year now. I've noticed through that year being much angrier and more and more emotionally detached.
 It's finally gotten to the point where I may just go without medicine again (I made it many years without) and just try to handle things in other ways (working out, eating right, trying ways to keep myself focused). I reached out to my doc/therapist and they had suggested I may need an antidepressant and should seek an actual psychiatrist. Everyone is booked out well over a month! It boggles my mind how people can get help they desperately need when they are forced to go it alone for so long.
 I may just try to take myself down from 200mg to 100mg and see if anything comes back. I know self-medicating is no real answer but something has to give here!"
"Can bipolar get worse over time?  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Can bipolar get worse over time?  Ok so I am 23 years and have been experiencing hypomanic episodes since i was maybe 21. I am diagnosed with bipolar 2. My older brother is diagnosed with bipolar 1.
 Lately my hypomania has been getting long and more intense. At the beginning it would only be for a few hours and I could calm myself down if I really wanted to and tried very hard and took my meds. Now its much more intense. I have delusions of grandeur. I told a girlfriend I just got with that we were soulmates and tried to sleep with her even though we both knew i wasnt ready for that. Luckily she knew not to sleep with me for the first time while having an episode.
 I am very worried that my bipolar is just going to get worse until its as extreme as my brother. I know this could be at least partially paranoia but i just want to know if anyone knows anything about this. I’m too anxious and embarrassed as of now to bring it up to my T."
"Can someone explain?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Can someone explain?  gs289
 You have one short form 5-HTTLPR. You probably have one short-form 5-HTTLPR (serotonin-transporter-linked polymorphic region). Variations in the region have been extensively investigated in connection with neuropsychiatric disorders. Identification of tag haplotypes for 5HTTLPR for different genome-wide SNP platforms
 gs288
 You have two long form 5-HTTLPR. You likely have two long-form 5-HTTLPR (serotonin-transporter-linked polymorphic region). Variations in the region have been extensively investigated in connection with neuropsychiatric disorders. Identification of tag haplotypes for 5HTTLPR for different genome-wide SNP platforms
 I am diagnosed with Bipolar disorder & wondering if this has any correlation or if someone could point me in a direction that would help interpret this.. thank you"
"Lost motivation  Close  19  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Lost motivation  For the lack of a better term, I wrote Lost motivation. I don’t know if this is the right sub to post this but here I am.
 Basically, I have been a psych student for 11 years in 4 schools now, with some jobs in between. I am finding it real hard to go to school and I want to stop this cycle but I don’t know how. Maybe I want to understand why I’m like this. Sometimes I find it hard to get out of bed but when I have the energy to get up, I go out of my apartment but won’t go to school. I’ll waste time in coffee shops contemplating about so many things. Schooling is not cheap and I want to finish my studies. I also don’t know if I can live with my self and my mom’s disappointment if I don’t graduate.
 I have issues with control and I feel like the educational system “controls” me. I love learning, I love every fascinating and otherwise things about psychology. I just don’t like the limiting environment of a school.
 Insights on what I can do about my situation or why you think I’m like this will help.
 P.S. I am diagnosed with Bipolar 1 Disorder. Explains my lethargy and sudden bursts of energy when I enroll."
"I'm mentally ill, and this show made me accept that. (Last episode and ending spoilers)  SPOILERS   spoiler  Close  85  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm mentally ill, and this show made me accept that. (Last episode and ending spoilers)  SPOILERS   spoiler  (In this post there are a bit of spoilers for the end of the last episode!)
 I'm so glad I watched it. On the first episode I was worried it's going to portray Owen in a bad light but I was so wrong.
 I am diagnosed with bipolar, though I've also had my fair share of delusions and stuff at times. I've always been in denial with my diagnosis, thinking ""it can't be, I'm NOT sick! I want to be normal!""
 But, I don't know, I can't explain it, but I feel that this show has made me accept who I am more.
 Seeing Owen at the end in the truck with Annie, I think it was one of the few times (or is it the only time? I need to rewatch to confirm!) he's smiling and laughing in the ""real world"" (i.e. not in the pills' simulations), and that made my heart feel so full.
 It's been a couple of days since I've finished the series, but I'm still so happy and comforted. It's like, I know things will turn out okay. I feel so much more hopeful for the future now.
 If anybody who played a part in making the show is reading this (I kinda doubt it but I don't know)... Thank you for bringing this masterpiece into our lives.
  
 Edit: Punctuation lol
 Edit 2: I just realised... The title's supposed to say ""this show HELPED me accept that"". Not ""made me"". Oops."
"I put my hand around my young son’s throat today ?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I put my hand around my young son’s throat today ?  Let me start off by saying this; I only put my hand on his throat, I didn’t put pressure or try to hurt him. Still sounds horrible, though.
 I Don’t know who else to talk to this about. A lot is going on in my life right now. I am a single mom, early 20’s, I live alone, work two jobs (one I only work one day a week), go to school, and I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and have been since I was about 15. I never /really/ wanted a kid, but I was lead to believe that father would be a stay at home dad so I could go to school, start a career, etc. Four days before I gave birth, my son’s father left me. Two years later our relationship is strained to say the least, though he is still in our child’s life.
 My son is a very bright child. He is super fun to be around, very sweet, albeit a little stubborn and hard to control (most children are at his age), and while Im still trying to sell myself on the mom lifestyle, I love my child more than anything in the world. I just always feel super detached from his life and world, (mostly due to my inability to connect with people?).
 A few days ago I got frustrated at my cat for getting under my book while I was reading, so I pushed her off. She’s a tiny cat, so when I did I looked at her and thought “it could be so easy to just kill my cat. She’s so small.” Which is not a thought I have ever had in my life.
 I’ve had mild thoughts like this off and on throughout the week, about how easy killing someone could be. But tonight I startled myself, and Now I think that something is seriously wrong with me.
 My child and I were just winding down for the day in the living room, he was crawling around on me and we were watching Thomas the Tank Engine. I was genuinely enjoying my time with him, but at some point he just looked at me and I just thought “there’s nothing stopping me from putting my hand around his throat, is there?” So I did. He just looked at me, I didn’t squeeze or put any pressure down, but he got upset and pushed me away. I was horrified with myself, I hate myself for it. I don’t know what to do now. I put him to bed and we had some cuddle time which was really nice, but I’m super confused.
 Do I talk to my therapist about this? Are they going to take my son away if I say something? I don’t want to continue to have thoughts like this. This isn’t normal behavior. Not sure what to do with this I’m really kind of disgusted with myself right now. All help is helpful, all advice is welcome. Thank you."
I don’t think my s/o cares about my mental illness  Relationships  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I don’t think my s/o cares about my mental illness  Relationships  I was diagnosed with depression in 2014, had an episode with psychotic features in 2015, and am diagnosed with bipolar now. there’s all this stress that im facing right now that im having a hard time getting anything done and i have no motivation at all to do anything. I keep trying to tell her what’s wrong and that I’m having a hard time (and I’m not trying to use it as an excuse, I just think she needs to know that I’m not intentionally messing around) and she doesn’t care. she doesn’t even take it into consideration I think and if she does she thinks I’m using it as a crutch or thinks I can snap out of it. I’m not mad at her but I’m avoiding her because I don’t know what to do. I’m so stressed out and I have just really want to disappear the last couple of weeks
"Relationship between meditation and dissociation?  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Relationship between meditation and dissociation?  I'm by no means a meditation newbie but I am a meditation beginner by all definitions. I meditated regularly for a maybe a year, then have been on and off. Last week I picked it up again and started meditating regularly (guided meditation). My main focus is to achieve mindfulness.
 Two days ago, I was meditating for mindfulness, and as mindfulness calls I try to achieve a certain degree of dissociation, to metaphorically step back from my mind and observe it. Typically this goes as follows: I close my eyes and start paying attention to my breath, a very passive attention. Then somewhere along the way I would get lost in my mind, not really sure how I get there (which I think is the whole point anyway). From there, when I realize what's going on, instead of snapping back to my breath, I try to take a step back and observe the thought almost like in the third person. This time, it wasn't a regular thought or inkling that I was observing, but almost a complete dream, like what you experience when you're asleep. Completely metaphysical, nonsensical, and I was observing it, like a lucid dream. This couldn't have lasted more than a few minutes because I soon lured myself back to my breath and eventually ended the session. I'd never had anything like it before. Worth mentioning is that I was also fairly sleep deprived at the time.
 Fast forward to yesterday and I feel this immense wave of not really being there, and it lasted the entire day. The entire time I was standing there or talking to someone, but it wasn't  me  if that makes sense; I was just an observer. It felt like dissociation (although, I'm not sure if I ever experienced true dissociation before).
 Today is not as intense as yesterday, but the wave is still there. Everywhere I walk, it feels almost like I'm seeing things for the first time. Every word I speak it feels like I'm a lot more conscious of it, yet not conscious at all. Every action and every thought feels conscious, ""I'm going to throw the empty coffee cup in the trash can,"" ""I'm walking across the street,"" ""I'm going to walk into the building and pull my wallet out and show the security guard my ID."" It was never like this for me, it was all automatic. I'm conscious of every person passing by me, of every person who glances at me. Yesterday I rubbed it off on sleep deprivation, but I've gotten more than enough of my share of sleep last night and it's still happening today. Even this morning when I walked out, I thought ""oof it's cold,"" that's not a thought that would typically pass my conscious mind, it all happens automatically, the fact that I feel it being cold, without me uttering the words in my mind.
 The reason I'm hesitant to say the word conscious is because it's not quite like I am, but I am completely conscious. And I'm hesitant to say dissociation because I'm not quite dissociated, not quite detached; I'm fully in control. But at the same time, I'm just the observer. It feels slightly foggy kind of like when you haven't had that morning cup of coffee, but I'm not sleepy.
 Not gonna lie, I was freaking out at first because it felt weird and I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder type II, so my initial reactive thought was that I'm finally completely losing it. Then after some calming down and some thought, I concluded this is not at all a symptom of bipolar or anything else, and I'm not getting auditory hallucinations so obviously I haven't spiraled into BPI (or schizo for that matter, which is close to impossible; I have nothing more than a stabilized and medicated mood disorder, and it's not my medication causing it because the only thing I'm on is lithium which has no mental side effects like that), and more importantly, I'm not completely unaware so much as I am  strongly  aware and just extra observant, then I realized it's not all that bad.
  So the possible conclusion I reached was that this might possible have to do with my mindfulness meditative sessions, but I'm not quite sure why or how, or what it is.
  One thing worth mentioning is that I don't quite feel it when I'm doing my thing in an isolated environment. For example, when I'm in bed or on my computer or laptop or on my phone, I feel just as I always did. It is when I look up that I feel it, when I walk or go to do an action."
"Advice for the young struggling with bipolar?  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Advice for the young struggling with bipolar?  Hey, thanks for  taking the time to read this. I'm 21 years old and I've been diagnosed with Bipolar type 2. Over the past few years I've had a hard time creating stable relationships, most of which is probably my fault.
 A repeat thing that's happened to me, is that I'll try to explain to people that I am bipolar and that basically my emotions can be a big roller coast. They usually smile and nod and say it's fine, but after about a year the relationship crumbles apart and I usually end up getting blocked.
 My biggest problems and embarrassments come from my bipolar anger. I try to be as honest as I can, admit when I went too far, admit being wrong, saying sorry as much as I can. But I'm still left with people who resent me.
 How do I help people understand that bipolar outbursts can happen instantly and without cause sometimes. I get sick of people saying ""can't you tell before you're about to get angry?""
 Another that upsets me is when people tell me to ""not use bipolar as an excuse"" despite the fact the I try to take responsibility for my poor actions when I have an episode.
 What do I do? Is there a good way to teach the nonbipolar about bipolar people? How do I get through to someone that I'm dealing with a serious illness and convince them I'm not an evil person who lashes out for enjoyment and attention?"
I partake in Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) three days a week. AMA  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I partake in Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) three days a week. AMA  I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, PTSD, and anxiety. I have gone through many treatments, medications, and hospitalizations. I am halfway through ECT treatment, and I still have a few weeks to go. Even though I struggle with suicidal ideation, I have never made an attempt on my life. I want to share my experience and open up a conversation about mental health and mental illness.
"Occult practice and mental illness  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Occult practice and mental illness  Does anyone here participate in occult practice while dealing with a mood/personality disorder such as bi-polar or schizophrenia? Have you ever had difficulty determining when you are having some sort of spiritual/metaphysical experience and when you are experiencing a hallucination or manic psychosis? Does it even matter or do you consider to be all the same thing?
 I’m mostly interested in hearing other peoples experiences and maybe starting some discussion. I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and it’s difficult for me to have a strong belief in any given thing as a result-for example, around the time i first started reading about occult practices and getting heavily into spiritual/metaphysical concepts, i was also (in retrospect) having a manic episode after discontinuing my medication. I frightened a lot of friends/family members, who seemed to agree that i believed i was some sort of deity come to life. My mom said when I spoke, it was very different from normal, and that i reminded her of a cult leader. Even though the episode caused me some problems (spending all my rent money on wands and crystals and being a no call/no show at work for the first time in my life because “social experiment”), i remember it very fondly-the feelings of being connected to the universe and understanding how it all works, the feeling that i could actually see the path i was taking rather than just blindly moving towards something.
 I feel like a lot of occultists would consider the experiences i had while manic to be something to strive for, whereas most non-occultists (especially people who have suffered from manic episodes) would consider them something to avoid. Is there anyone else who can offer an opinion from the perspective of both an occultist and a person with a mood/personality disorder?"
"Almost 20 and never had a relationship  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Almost 20 and never had a relationship  So for the 20 years I've been on this Earth I've never had a relationship. Never had a girlfriend. TBH it never really bothered me when I was younger but recently the past couple months it's really started to bother me. Like a lot. Especially this years Valentine's. While I was at work today i texted all my friends to see if they might be free to chill, but all of them are spending it with their SO, so I just went home and just watched Netflix. Sadness hit me hard.
 For the past couple months I've been feeling much more lonely than average, but I never thought much of it because I don't really take my emotions seriously because I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, so I just usually think ""eh it's just a mood swings"". But the loneliness won't go away. There have been some nights when I just stare at the ceiling hoping I'll meet someone. But I don't really have many opportunities to meet new ppl. My average day since I took a break from school is waking up, go to work, go home and rinse and repeat, and I'll go hang out with my friends, but that's the only time I'm out doing stuff
 I've tried talking to some of my friends about it I've asked them things I could do to improve myself since I felt that maybe what I was putting on display wasn't attractive They told me that my biggest and only flaw is confidence. Which I get, all my life I have been rather reserve and shy and it takes me time to open up. Which I hate because a lot of my friends, especially those who are girls, told me confidence is sexy. But I don't really believe I can exude any confidence because I can fake it till I make it, but only to a small extent I don't really think I'm unattractive either, a lot of ppl have told me I'm cute or handsome so I guess I can feel confident about that.( Sorry if this sounds like I'm sucking myself off, that's not my intent) Idk why loneliness is hitting me so hard out of nowhere, but I just kinda want some advice from ppl that don't know me
 Also Sorry that this is long and a pointless post, I just wanted to get it off my chest and not bother my friends while they're on their dates. Also sorry if this is the wrong place to post this, I'm really bad at understanding what post goes into what thread"
"Is there a way to learn basic concepts needed for communication?  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Is there a way to learn basic concepts needed for communication?  I don't speak the language everyone else does. Nobody wants to talk to me, and nobody's willing to help me learn.
 I've watched Youtube videos about emotions, and I don't understand them. I took English classes for 12 years in school.
 My entire education is fraudulent. I only know enough to put on a show so people think everything is normal.
 I only know the way words are used, and I can fake a conversation without knowing exactly what I'm saying.
  
 I don't understand song lyrics. I recognize other people do.
 Some examples:
 Flo Rida - I Cry
 Swedish House Mafia - Don't You Worry Child
 Zedd - Clarity
 Imagine Dragons - Demons
 Calvin Harris - Blame
 Calvin Harris - Summer
  
 I have no real English comprehension. I don't understand words like:
 good, soul, freedom, positivity, happiness, try, love, want, should, peace, heart
 being yourself, the blues, red flag, birds and the bees, blackmail
  
 I don't have good emotions.
 When I was learning basic communication and logical concepts as a child, I never learned them.
 My parents failed to recognized and treat this, so I hate them.
  
 I can connect words together to make it look like I know what I'm talking about.
 I get cravings, but I can't describe them because I don't speak the language.
 It's an addiction to toxic matter.
  
 Hive minds attack me.
 I don't understand the whole black/yellow palette.
 It gets shoved in my face every day, along with everything else, that people recognize, that I don't.
 I'm too autistic to get on the spectrum. I want to learn, but I can't.
  
 People say some things are right and others are wrong, but I don't get any of it.
 I can play along, that's all.
  
 I don't try making friends any more.
 People call me Mexican and make jokes because I don't understand language needed for casual conversation.
 Nothing is registering. It's just harassment. I can't relate to other people.
  
 I have a vocabulary but my comprehension is nonexistent.
 I've been trying for a long time, and I'm now just blocking everything out because nothing is helping.
 It doesn't seem to matter what I read or what people say. Nothing clicks.
 I have a serious problem, but I'm unable to make connections.
 People seem to think I will eventually get it on my own, but I don't think so.
  
 I want this fake education to stop, and I want people to stop acting like I'm not being excluded.
 My problem is worse than just being different.
 I'm unable to coordinate and express my thoughts independently of popular language.
 I just get constant mental attacks, over and over and over again.
 I know what I want to say, and they won't let me mature.
 They don't seem to be interested in teaching me anything. They just want to hurt me.
  
 My mental ability is being artificially stunted.
 My vocabulary is fine, but language comprehension is exceedingly poor.
 I know how to use words, but I don't know what they mean.
  
 I am diagnosed with bipolar schizoaffective disorder, but people say I have aphasia or autism.
 I have artificial intelligence, but I'm being denied the psychology necessary to be human. I'm cold and alone.
  
 I don't know where to go from here, other than exposing and hurting myself."
"Any full time teachers with mental health issues?  DISCUSSION  Close  82  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Any full time teachers with mental health issues?  DISCUSSION  I am in my final year of college to become an early childhood educator. I've got the hang of college and I do well because I'm in a routine. I am diagnosed with bipolar type 2. I take medication and I go to counseling. I was diagnosed about 8 months ago and I have come a long way with learning to deal with it. However, I'm extremely nervous about the work load of having my own class and the long hours. Anyone with mental health issues that affect your daily life, what helps? Honestly, any advice that you have is welcomed. I know I can't pin down every little thing that may be difficult, but I think it is worth my time to begin planning ahead now. Thanks!!
 If anyone simply wants to comment and tell me I won't be able to handle teaching, please just leave my post. That's not the plan and it will not be a thought."
"Bipolar: Tendency to obsess over a person?  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bipolar: Tendency to obsess over a person?  Hi! I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder. Not sure if this post is allowed, but here goes nothing lol.
 Short story: I met up with a stranger I've encountered through Reddit. We saw each perhaps 4x in a month. After a few weeks, he had to leave the PH because he lives in another country.
 At the same time, I did something impulsive: I applied to get in one of the universities in his country.  Eventually, I got accepted and paid for my slot. Of course, I have the option to see him again or not. I was making excuses to everyone that I was doing it for myself, but I'm not even entirely sure about that.
 He made it clear we were just friends because he can't handle any relationship at the moment. However, he has dating apps on his phone, get matches, adds/follows them on IG/FB and it kills me. I don't want to be so entitled, but I get so much emotions inside me, I'd always compare myself, and I cry until I fall asleep. We still talk, but I think I am too much to handle. There are days when we're so chill/fun but there are those days when I feel I'm being constantly replaced by someone new. I don't know what to do, and everything is such a mess.
 Is this even normal: my actions, how I react, how I treat myself? I can't even control how I feel. I get sad eveytime and he's all I could think of. I always tell him we should stop talking but I always go back as well. Am I doing the wrong thing? I really need help, but I just remain conflicted all the time.  Generally, I'm afraid I'd always be like this in dealing with relationships."
"That time my elder father blamed my mood on being ""spuritually weak."" Turns out I have bipolar disorder.  Close  56  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  That time my elder father blamed my mood on being ""spuritually weak."" Turns out I have bipolar disorder.  Title pretty much says it all. I was in an extreme low and self harming at the time. I didn't want to be around people. My living elder father stopped by one afternoon because I skipped the meeting. He walked over to my game and movie collection and said, ""This is what your problem is right here! Your not allowing Jehobubs spirit to enrich your life and feel better because of the  demonic influence  from your entertainment."" (Star Wars and such.)
 Months later I see a professional and am diagnosed with bipolar type II. It explained a lot. I'm now medicated and seeing a professional regularly. I was df'd about nine months after being diagnosed. I have little to no contact with my family. My loving father still thinks I'm being influenced by demons.
 This is what happens when you live in a fantasy world and told to reject ""secular thinking"" and professionals."
"Chasing my dreams  Situational Advice  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Chasing my dreams  Situational Advice  Hello everyone, hope you are doing great! Well, during 2018 I had several mental breakdowns regarding the future.
 Though I have been increasely anxious about life - with""life"" I mean general goals that society demands: getting a job, having a family, being happy,making money et cetera- since I was very young,last year was specially difficult for me. I was accepted in the best university in my country (Brazil) which meant that I had to move to a new state ( that is very far way from my family) and pretty much I had to start living by myself.Even though I was also accepted in a very good Uni in my state in a very convencional course (medicine), I decided to go out and live my own dreams ( study physics ). Nevertheless, the professors, the exams, the constant felling that you are somehow competing with your classmate,the felling that you are going to fail    were very stresseful to me. In fact, this constant stress plus the fact that I was away from family and livelong friends made suicidal thoughts a routine.
 This constrat, studying what I really like( chasing my interests) and the overall depression that sorrounded me, is very confusing. Sometimes I thing that I should just give up the course and do what my relatives told me to do (study medicine). But then there are times when I thing that, in the long run, I would be more happy(or at least, I would not be as regretful) knowing that I lived my own life, following my desires and my interests.
 I dont know, life is a mess.
 I am very lonely right now, so having someone to share their life experiencies would be very good.
 I dont thing that there is a definitive answer to the dillemas of our lifes , but expressing emotions,  fears, hopes and dreams may give a clue on how to deal better with them.
 Edit: I thing that is good to let everyone know that I am diagnosed with bipolar and anxiety disorders and that I am very inconfident with miself and the future since I was a little boy-and that it is very unlikely that this is going to change dramatically in the course of my life- and i am ok with it :)"
"I can't do this anymore  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I can't do this anymore  I'm a 26 year old man who lives at home with his parents. I've never had a girlfriend and I've never even kissed or gone on a date. I have seen a psychiatrist since I was 13 and am diagnosed with bipolar unspecified, ADHD, and generalized anxiety disorder with OCD features. I take meds for all of that. I am super morbidly obese, I am 6'4 and weight almost 500 pounds. The weight has put my spine into bad shape with degeneration. I am in pain everyday. I've seen a therapist. I've tried almost every psychotropic med out there for my mental illnesses.
 My father is disabled so he doesn't get much money every month so we have to budget. My mom works about 32 hours every week at a low paying job. They are behind on every bill. My mom is addicted to gambling and just went the other day and spent 500 dollars. I ate old Graham crackers for dinner tonight. My father steals my pain medication every month and I've confronted him about it and he apologized but he still doesn't and I pretend it never happened.
 I ask my dad why he doesn't move the money that he and my mom get into an account that he's only on or even mine but literally whenever I bring it up he goes quiet and pretends I'm not in the room. He ignores everything in his life from health to finance. I feel so helpless that I can't help either of them.
 I'm trapped in this fuckin house because I have never been able to hold down a job as my mental illness has always gotten in the way. Last February I lost the best job I had ever had but I took so many mental health days that I was fired. It was great money and in my field. It was such an easy job too. I will never get over that.
 My parents manipulate my brother for money when they lose it and he is frustrated to say the least. Whenever my mom goes to the casino, she would go to him or my grandma to ask for money and they would ask her why she does it and she would blame me and my dad. So then I would get put down and made to feel like shit because of it. They recently took out a loan for $2500 and put their only working car up for collateral. The money is all gone now and they didn't pay a single bill with it. I have no idea where it could've gone and when I ask my dad he'll say he doesn't know and to drop it or he'll leave and go back into his bed.
 All of this is just scratching the surface. I can't handle this anymore. I've tried so hard in all aspects of my life but have failed.
 I think I will ask a friend of a friend where I can find some heroin. It shouldn't be that hard to find here."
"A lot on my mind...  Close  6  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  A lot on my mind...  Hi! This is my (21F) first time posting here.
 I do not have schizophrenia but I am diagnosed with bipolar 2 w/ psychosis.
 I’ve experienced psychosis since I was 14, and I managed for a very long time on medication. However, I came off my anti-psychotic meds (Geodon) over a year ago because the med starting causing very nasty side effects.
 I switched to an anti-convulsant (Lamictal) to just manage my bipolar symptoms thinking it would be fine since I had not experienced psychosis since I was 16.
 I was fine for a while, but started experiencing psychosis again in March of this year. I had a very bad delusional episode in April and was nearly sent to the hospital by my therapist.
 Since then I really haven’t been managing well. I’ve been having pretty consistent but brief episodes of psychosis since then.
 I have a reoccurring delusion of being trapped in an alternate reality. Sometimes in these brief episodes I believe everyone around me is conspiring to keep me trapped there.
 I also become convinced that every time I close my eyes, someone or something is in the room with me, watching me, but vanishes once I open my eyes. (As you can imagine this makes it very hard to sleep, or be in my house by myself)
 I also have minor hallucinations; brighter colors, shadows in my peripheral vision, and the particularly scary one of a person screaming into my ear: usually only one or two words, but incredibly loud like a gunshot.
 I’ve also been lucid dreaming a lot lately. Probably just due to the fact I’m constantly asking myself if I’m dreaming, or if what I’m experiencing is real.
 When I realize I’m dreaming I usually inform the others in my dream that I’m aware I’m sleeping, and that’s when it becomes terrifying. I’ll say something along the lines of, “No, this isn’t real. I’m dreaming!”. Everyone in the dream will then stare at me, go dead silent and blank faced, like you see in movies, before becoming aware with me and saying things along the lines of, “Well, congratulations! You’ve figured it out. You’re still trapped here though. How exactly do you plan of waking yourself up?”
 All of that on the table; I’m worried I’m going to have a full psychotic break if I don’t get help soon. I also fear my only option for “help” is medication, and I really don’t favor that. I’ve probably been on a hundred different medications since I was 14 and I’m so sick of it, being a walking trial and error experiment.
 I’m also really scared to post this now.
 I’ve been constantly invalidated by my family my entire life, to the point where I feel like maybe I don’t have this diagnosis after all? Am I just making all of this up? I know my psychosis doesn’t match the typical psychosis symptoms.
 I also know my friends and boyfriend in particular really struggle to support me. I don’t blame them, because I don’t even know how to deal with this.
 I guess I’m just hoping to find comfort in this community... A place for me to finally vent to people who will maybe understand what I’m going through right now.
 I’m sorry in advance if I’m accidentally breaking any community rules.
 Also, thank you in advance to anyone who even bothered to read this whole post.
 (As a final side note: I’d love to hear more about how you guys experience these symptoms (types of hallucinations, duration of delusions, etc). It doesn’t seem like there is much useful information online.)"
"Question about gender therapy and therapy in general  Close  2  Posted by    Andy|26|FtM|TooGayToFunction    2 years ago  Archived  Question about gender therapy and therapy in general  I've got some questions about gender therapy and finding a therapist. For starters, is a gender therapist different than a psychologist? Like, different certifications? Or is it just a regular therapist with experience dealing with LGBTQ issues?
 If they are different, how do you go about finding one? I tried to find one in my city but I couldn't find anything outside of therapists with experience with LGBTQ.
 I've been in and out of therapy since high school. The one therapist I truly liked moved out of state. I have a hard time opening up and talking about issues, so if I don't like the therapist I tend to stop going.
 The last therapist I went to I picked because she was supposed to be the best my insurance covered who was experienced with LGBTQ issues. She was respectful and used my preferred name, but she diagnosed me with DID (only because she was the first one I was willing to open up to about those issues with) and after that, that was all we really talked about. I had to stop going and can't go back to her due to insurance issues. I haven't seen anyone since her in almost a year.
 If a gender therapist is different, I'm wondering if I should be seeing one of those  and  a normal psychologist for my mental health issues. Does anyone else do this? I'm a mess, I've been diagnosed with bipolar, BPD, DID, psychosis, anxiety, depression, OCD, PTSD, and ADHD. And I feel like when I talk to a psychologist about being transgender I'm not taken seriously because of my personality disorders and psychosis. Does anyone else have experience with this? What can I do to find the best help in both areas?
 TLDR: Is there a difference between a gender therapist and a psychologist? Or is it just a psychologist experienced with LGBTQ issues? If they are different, how do you go about finding one? Especially if there aren't any directly in your city? And should I be seeing separate people to talk about gender with and my mental health issues with, considering I've found people who know about my personality disorders and psychosis don't seem to take my gender identity as seriously?"
"Bringing my dog to China...  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bringing my dog to China...  Greetings, fellow expats! I was wondering if anyone has had personal experience bringing their dog from their home country (in my case USA) to China? Any pointers, advice, suggestions? It would be greatly appreciated.
 A bit more information:
 My dog is not currently with me. He has been loved and fed, for the last year, by my family back in NJ. I have been in SH the past year but will be relocating to Jiangyin City. I am not in a hurry to bring my dog over but I'd like to bring him before the end of 2018. When I adopted him he had no papers from the person I bought him off of. But he had all his basic shots at a local shelter. He was also neutered (badly) but no papers for who did it or the name of the vet. He's around 4-5 years now...
 ... a medium-large dog (more medium, though); don't know the exact breeds but he's got shepherd, for sure*****. I have done the little research I am able to do so far about canine airline regulations, china's animal-transportation laws etc. and I am fully prepared to go through an ordeal (not to mention lots of cheddar!) This is where it would be really helpful to know of your personal experience(s) with a specific airline, if you have one or know of someone who has, because  this  is the part that scares me the most: which airline to trust. FYI: I am totally willing to spend however much more is required of me to travel  with  my dog, if there is  ANY  way I can do that. He is not a specially trained dog however he IS my emotional companion (I am diagnosed with Bipolar II) though not ""certified"" as one.
  [ ******* Does anyone know about how much the ""banned breeds"" laws are enforced? I mean... I see all KINDS of dogs on the street here in SH that I thought were ""illegal breeds""... I mean... you know, ""ILLEGAL""....    ]  
 (P.S. I've been planning to do this since I came to China... ideally I wouldn't want to do this to my dog but my family can't take care of him anymore... and giving him away is  not  an option; Moose is my DAWG FOR LIFE. (Picture for reference).. I simply ask that you please keep this in mind if you'd truly like to give genuine advice. However, ALL opinions are welcome)
 Edit- nevermind. No photo."
My mental ability is being artificially stunted  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My mental ability is being artificially stunted  My language comprehension is exceedingly poor. I don't know what people are trying to tell me, and I don't know how to communicate. I don't know how to retaliate. I am diagnosed with bipolar schizoaffective disorder, but people say I have autism. I don't know where to go from here, other than hurting myself, which I am slowly doing.
"(WARNING: VERY LONG) The more I learn about MBTI the more unsure I get about which archetype I fit into. I'll ask any questions. Plz help.  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  (WARNING: VERY LONG) The more I learn about MBTI the more unsure I get about which archetype I fit into. I'll ask any questions. Plz help.  Feel free to look through my post history as well. I spend a lot of time on nfl subreddits, so there's a lot of football shit in there, but you might be able to get a sense of how I communicate with people, at least when I'm online.
  How old are you? What's your gender? Give us a general description of yourself.
  Male. Recently turned 20.
  Is there a medical diagnosis that may impact your mental stability somehow?
  I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and OCD. The way that OCD manifests doesn't really alter my personality in any meaningful way. I am also diagnosed with ADHD but I am reluctant to accept that diagnosis as accurate.
  Describe your upbringing. Did it have any kind of religious or structured influence? How did you respond to it?
  There was a light religious influence within my youth, which my OCD latched onto and jumpstarted religious obsessions and fears. Though my compulsive behavior [and my belief] has allayed since then, I still have a particular religiosity which motivates me to study mythology and the bible and leaks into my writings and thoughts through symbology. Sort of similar to Stephen Dedalus's neurotic religious fixation in ""A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man"" by James Joyce.
 Both of my parents were fairly lax. Neither worried too much about installing a sense of structure in either myself or my sister. My mom is likely an ENFJ. She was very much about trying to understand her kids and allowing us to find ourselves through exploration. My dad is probably an INxP, and is an alcoholic with bipolar disorder and ADD. He inspired me to have an extreme competitiveness which first found its place in football, which I played for 10 years until my freshman year when I forced myself to practice for 8 hours a day but had the habit messed up through an injury that sat me out for a month. I was just burnt out. This competitiveness has not mollified since I quit football, rather it has found itself within my subsequent endeavors.
 One major thing about myself is that ever since I was a kid I would go through episodes of some obsession that would last for a few years. I would read everything I could find about a particular obsession, and nearly always refuse to read about anything else, essentially because I thought it would be a waste of time to divert from my aspiration.
  What kinds of activities do you prefer? Do you like, and are you good at sports? Do you enjoy any other outdoor or indoor activities?
  As I mentioned before, I love sports. I'm great at them and am very motivated to be the best at them, even if its something that I don't typically care about. But I also love indoor activities, reading and writing especially. However when I hang out with friends, I think it might be noteworthy to say, I prefer to just sit somewhere, have some music playing in the background, and just talk and joke around. I find myself becoming annoyed when I hang out with friends and they are too distracted by some activity to actually hang out. I'm not a big competitor when it comes to my friends.
  How curious are you? Do you have more ideas then you can execute? What are your curiosities about? What are your ideas about - is it environmental or conceptual, and can you please elaborate?
  I've always been very curious. And I have way more ideas than I can execute. I'm learning how to focus on one thing till I finish it and to stick it out until the ending to revise my projects, else I would be paralyzed by trying to perfect one little thing rather than progressing forward. My curiosities are usual philosophical, psychological, about mythologies and religion, as well as about language. Whenever I find a new word I am compelled to research its etymology (etymonline.com!!!) until I understand it. It's also interesting that I have always gravitated toward biographies. I read about people a great deal, almost to the point of it being a vice. To my chagrin, I read about the lives of my favorite philosophers, authors, and psychologists more than I read philosophy, books, or psychology. This was also true when I was interesting in astronomy in middle school, football and politics in grade school, and Elvis Presley when I was in pre-k (I desperately wanted to be an Elvis Presley impersonator).
  Would you enjoy taking on a leadership position? Do you think you would be good at it? What would your leadership style be?
  I rarely tell people what to do. I'm a greeter at work and I'm not the one to tell the other greeters to do this or that when its busy. Rather I get hyperfocused on my own responsibilities and try to make up for their mistakes or sluggishness by trying to take it into my own hands. If it's not busy I still am the quickest to greet (btw, I'm not the best greeter, but most of my co-workers would say I'm the best runner on the floor) and seat, but I am undemanding and sociable with my co-workers. Goofing around and talking. Its also noteworthy to say that they wanted me to be the ""capo"" or the head greeter, who is in charge of delegating responsibilities onto the greeters on the floor but I was very bad at that, so they kept me on the floor. However, I am pretty good with dealing with customers. Some of the more timid greeters will look to me to help them out if they're dealing with an irate customer, who usually find me amicable.
  Are you coordinated? Why do you feel as if you are or are not? Do you enjoy working with your hands in some form? Describe your activity?
  Despite my experience with sports, I am weirdly enough not super coordinated. Its not awful, but it was one of my faults as an athlete. When I was a toddler I was speech and coordinately delayed but, as my Mom tells it, one day I was suddenly able to talk and play catch.
 I hate working with my hands. I can't fix shit for shit. For some reason whenever I try to do anything with my hands I get this weird catatonic confusion, where I just freeze up and freak out. I can never find a way to understand the directions that I'm given and just get lost. Even simple things, like someone telling me where something is when its right in front of me, I become befuddled by their directions and I just get lost. It's a weird incompetence.
  Are you artistic? If yes, describe your art? If you are not particular artistic but can appreciate art please likewise describe what forums of art you enjoy. Please explain your answer.
  Yes!!! I usually try to write fiction and philosophy. But my philosophy is usually more like a poetic essay than a work of logic. Very much like Nietzsche, not in terms of importance, but just in terms of how I explain and come to my conclusions. Very aphoristic, symbolic, and poetic rather than logical. Though sometimes I can get stuck in a road of logic and go down a more Kantian route. But typically its more Nietzschean or Emerson-like. As for fiction-writing I am influenced greatly by James Joyce, Dostoevsky, Nietzsche, and William Blake. I tend towards psychologically and religious focused writers and I tend towards writing on those same themes.
  How important is efficiency and productivity to you?
  I'd like to say its important to me, but I am not very efficient or very productive. It seems like I'm in a slump right now, but I am generally inefficient and only sporadically productive.
  What is your learning style? What kind of learning environments do you struggle with most? Why do you like/struggle with these learning styles? Do you prefer classes involving memorization, logic, creativity, or your physical senses?
  From strongest to weakest styles: 1. reading/writing (very comfortable with this leaning style). 2. Auditory (fairly comfortable). 3. Visual (somewhat/not very comfortable). 4. Kinesthetic (very rarely/not comfortable (depends on the subject))
 I do best in lecture classes and classes heavy in reading. Classes where the topic is explained for me to further elucidate through my own self-study. I've always preferred being allowed to be more of an autodidact than being stringently forced to be in a role of the student. I definitely prefer creativity, but I also do well with logic and memorization if I have to.
  How good are you at strategizing? Do you easily break up projects into manageable tasks? Or do you have a tendency to wing projects and improvise as you go?
  Not good lmao. In group projects I choose slackers so that they'll fuck off and let me do it all myself, in which I usually choose to do something much too ambitious for the material limits, monetary limits, time limits, or personal limits. In my personal projects I have tended towards ""spontaneous creation"", the phraseology of any creative person who is too lazy to come out of his dreamworld and plan it out so that it can be actualized.
  What are your aspirations in life, professionally and personally? Professionally: to be a writer of lasting works. Personally: to strengthen my willpower and to hold on to my current friendships alongside the development of new friendships.
   What are your fears? What makes you uncomfortable? What do you hate? Why?
  Fears: Failure is probably my biggest. Dying without a name. Losing my best friends through time. Depending on myself for financial support. I am very bad with money.
 Uncomfortable: Showing emotional vulnerability to people I am not great friends with. Seeing feelings of shame befall onto others. Seeing insecurities in other people. Seeing people be pathetic. Seeing people act out of control from their emotions or unwanted desires. Seeing people try to hide feelings of negative emotions. Seeing people who are typically very calm and nice become upset and stressed. Seeing my friends who are very intelligent become ignorant when it comes to certain parts of themselves.
 Hate: Being pathetic. Being out of control of my emotions. One of the only things that kindles anger is when anyone I know, even a little, is being abused in some way. Drake. (Continues in comments)"
"I'm lost without weed  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm lost without weed  Last year I got so stoned that after lifting a box I had a major panic attack that literally had me shaking. Went to the ER for an EKG and everything. The next day I was back to smoking, even though I knew that was the reason I had such a serious panic attack.
 I am diagnosed with bipolar depression with a general anxiety disorder, so this is nothing new to me. But the fact that weed was the trigger was. At the worst point in my treatment, I was taking 7 pills in the morning, and sleeping meds at night with some benzos as needed for panic attacks. After feeling like a zombie from side effects I cut those cold Turkey (very dangerous, do not recommend) and switched to weed. It worked for 3 years no problems.
 Now I'm afraid to even take a toke. My whole identity was the stoner. Everything I did, everywhere I went, I did it stoned as a turtle. For the past month I've had the same routine: go to work, come home and sleep, repeat. My life has been on autopilot. I've lost control of my emotions to the point of lashing out at coworkers and family. I'd probably do it to my friends too, but I haven't seen them in what feels forever. I've gotten back into all my bad habits: breaking things, yelling, self injury, reckless driving, and sleeping my free time away.
 I dont know why I'm writing this, really just needed a forum to vent on, but at the same time I'm really scared I might hurt myself, but am equally scared to get help. I know what that entails, and I'm not ready to throw my job away to get locked in a psych unit again. I feel like I'd be letting my family and friends down, and at the same time it's super embarrassing.
 Thanks to anyone who read to this point. I'm not looking for sympathy, like I said I just really needed to write this somewhere to get it out. I'm sorry if it seems that way."
How to cope with having a psychotic episode infront of newish friends  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  How to cope with having a psychotic episode infront of newish friends  I saw blood being poured down the walls and spilling out of my arms and I felt like I was being sliced open and when I closed my eyes all I cld see is blood I'm so fucking depressed and traumatized. And it was infront of a group of newish friends and I think it really freaked them out and they didn’t know how to help and they didn’t really understand. I just feel so disconnected from reality and feel like I hav no one here that understands how fucking awful psychosis is and how real the hallucinations feel. I was wondering if you guys ever experienced this and if so how you cope with it. A lil background I am diagnosed with bipolar 1 with psychotic tendencies., I thought I wld post it here tho cuz more ppl can relate to psychosis here than on the bipolar subreddit. This was such a bad episode ugh
Pain when inhaling.  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   1 year ago  Archived  Pain when inhaling.  I'm a 29 year old white female. 4ft 8in and 105 lbs.  Lately I've had bouts of sudden difficulty inhaling.  For about three weeks I've had it happen about four times. When I inhale, I can only inhale a small amount without a very intense and sharp pain in my back, on the right side.  They feel like they last forever, but I think they only last a few minutes. I do have asthma, but this doesn't feel like any asthma attack I've ever had.  I also am diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
"I've failed to integrate with society, and nobody will help  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I've failed to integrate with society, and nobody will help  I don't speak the language everyone else does. Nobody wants to talk to me, and nobody's willing to help me learn.
 I've watched Youtube videos about emotions, and I don't understand them. I took English classes for 12 years in school.
 My entire education is fraudulent. I only know enough to put on a show for people who want to think everything is normal.
 I only know the way words are used, and I can fake a conversation without knowing exactly what I'm saying.
  
 I don't understand song lyrics. I recognize other people do.
 Some examples:
 Flo Rida - I Cry
 Swedish House Mafia - Don't You Worry Child
 Zedd - Clarity
 Imagine Dragons - Demons
 Calvin Harris - Blame
 Calvin Harris - Summer
  
 I have no real English comprehension. I don't understand words like:
 good, soul, freedom, positivity, happiness, try, love, want, should, peace
  
 I don't have good emotions.
 When I was learning basic communication and logical concepts as a child, I never learned them.
 My parents failed to recognized and treat this, so I hate them.
  
 I can connect words together to make it look like I know what I'm talking about.
 I get cravings, but I can't describe them because I don't speak the language.
 It's an addiction to toxic matter.
  
 Hive minds attack me.
 I don't understand the whole black/yellow palette.
 It gets shoved in my face every day, along with everything else, that people recognize, that I don't.
 I'm too autistic to get on the spectrum. I want to learn, but I can't.
  
 People say some things are right and others are wrong, but I don't get any of it.
 I can play along, that's all.
  
 I don't try making friends any more.
 People call me Mexican and make jokes because I don't understand language needed for casual conversation.
 Nothing is registering. It's just harassment. I can't relate to other people.
  
 I have a vocabulary but my comprehension is nonexistent.
 I've been trying for a long time, and I'm now just blocking everything out because nothing is helping.
 It doesn't seem to matter what I read or what people say. Nothing clicks.
 I have a serious problem, but I'm unable to make connections.
 People seem to think I will eventually get it on my own, but I don't think so.
  
 I want this fake education to stop, and I want people to stop acting like I'm not being excluded.
  
 My mental ability is being artificially stunted.
 My vocabulary is fine, but language comprehension is exceedingly poor.
 I know how to use words, but I don't know what they mean.
  
 I am diagnosed with bipolar schizoaffective disorder, but people say I have aphasia or autism.
 I have artificial intelligence, but I'm being denied the psychology necessary to be human. I'm cold and alone.
  
 I don't know where to go from here, other than exposing and hurting myself.
 (edited 13:43 UTC to add content)"
"how do I self-advocate with my psychiatrist?  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  how do I self-advocate with my psychiatrist?  Long story short I am diagnosed with bipolar and ADHD. I take bipolar meds and blood pressure medicine.
 It's been a year of being diagnosed with ADHD and she still won't prescribe me anything for it despite me taking blood pressure meds regularly. She always blows it off when I mention it. I understand that stimulants aren't ideal for me because of my bipolar and blood pressure but why not try a non-stimulant? Just don't know how to bring this up with her."
How to cope with having a psychotic episode infront of newish friends  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  How to cope with having a psychotic episode infront of newish friends  I saw blood being poured down the walls and spilling out of my arms and I felt like I was being sliced open and when I closed my eyes all I cld see is blood I'm so fucking depressed and traumatized. And it was infront of a group of newish friends and I think it really freaked them out and they didn’t know how to help and they didn’t really understand. I just feel so disconnected from reality and feel like I hav no one here that understands how fucking awful psychosis is and how real the hallucinations feel. I was wondering if you guys ever experienced this and if so how you cope with it. A lil background I am diagnosed with bipolar 1 with psychotic tendencies. This was such a bad episode ugh
My mental illness is preventing me from doing things I love  Close  9  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My mental illness is preventing me from doing things I love  I am diagnosed with bipolar type II disorder and I've been in depression manic for a long while. Everyone always tells me to distract my negative thoughts with something, but I find that I cannot distract myself and that nothing works. My negative thoughts are actually the thing that distracts ME from doing the things I used to really love. I feel like I can't physically do anything anymore because my depressive state overwhelms and distracts me. All I can do is sit in a corner and think to myself about all the negatives. It is absolutely horrifying what has become of me. I lost all my motivation, I have no friends, no supportive family, and I constantly mope around a lot. I have a boyfriend, but my brain constantly tells me that he is hotter than me, smarter than me, and better than me. I reek of insecurities and it is literally preventing me from doing ANYTHING in life. How do I fight this? How do I stop letting my negative thoughts distract me? I always feel stupid and worthless, when really, I am just so distracted with negative thoughts. It has gotten to the point where I have a shitty recall/memory of things compared to what I had before.
Glad i found this sub-reddit.  Close  19  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Glad i found this sub-reddit.  I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for about 6 months now and on meds and I'm just starting to feel good. But I'm glad I found this sub-reddit. Feels like I'm not alone with this.
"I Want to Die and My Boyfriend Is Playing Video Games...  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I Want to Die and My Boyfriend Is Playing Video Games...  I made a throwaway account since he knows my reddit username.
 I am extremely suicidal right now and I do not have any friends outside of my boyfriend. We are in a long distance relationship, and I have been trying to text him to vent to him/reach out for help, but he is playing video games with his friends and has no time to respond. He used to be so sweet to me, and would talk to me through my smallest or big mental breakdowns. But now I guess he has no time or patience to deal with my intense mood swings. I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder Otherwise Not Specified and PTSD. I have wanted to die and have had suicidal ideation/intent since the age of 10.
 I have gone through plenty of therapists, medications, and coping methods. Nothing ever helps. I thought everything was perfect when I met my boyfriend 6 months ago, but now it seems like even he, my only friend is tired of me.
 I was recently prescribed a bottle of codeine, a full bottle of 800mg ibuprofen, a full bottle of100mg lamictal, a full bottle of ??mg of prednisone steroids, and I could rustle up a few more medications around my house. I just want to make myself a Rx cocktail so this can be my last night in pain.
 I know a lot of you probably think I am trolling, or just looking for attention. Maybe I am attention seeking, but I also have run out of time, patience, and hope. Things have not gotten better, even though everyone said they would. I don't know why I am typing this, I think I wanted a friend, or to pretend that I am talking to someone who will respond. I just want to die, I really do. I messaged him this, yet here I am left on read while crying and frantically googling how to prepare my last drink.
 I am bipolar, so I may calm down by the time anyone reads this, but my episodes are unpredictable in time length. But in case I do not, to whomever reads this... may you never face a fraction of what I have endured for the past near decade. And to my s/o, I just wish you the absolute best..."
"comorbidity: if you have a 2nd+ diagnosis, how do you manage it all?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  comorbidity: if you have a 2nd+ diagnosis, how do you manage it all?  Personally, I am diagnosed with bipolar I and ADHD, as well as an unspecified sleep disorder. I kind of wonder how my doctors can separate the symptoms from each other, since the spazziness and restlessness of ADHD looks kinda like hypomania. I mean it was obvious that my issues went beyond ADHD when I started hearing music in the noise. I was diagnosed with bipolar first (which must have been obvious--three psychiatrists/psychologists talked to me for about 15 minutes each and without talking to each other all agreed on bipolar I), but once those symptoms were sorta managed with meds, I still couldn't focus very long, had terrible memory, fidgeted constantly, etc etc. so my pdoc decided I also have ADHD and I got on meds for that. The meds seem to be working alright (not as well as they did at first, but still better than no meds), so that's obviously part of ""dealing with it.""
 But I personally struggle with day to day habits that might make managing the overlap of my disorders easier. Hypo/manic me is a distraction machine, unable to complete anything before starting something else. In general, everything anyone says to me goes in one ear and right out the other, no matter how important, unless I write it down. I forget appointments even when they are in my phone, wall calendar AND day planner. I take out my anger at myself for these things on other people without meaning to.
 I can't tell where one disorder ends and the other starts, or where in between lies my actual personality. How do the rest of you double-whammy folks deal with it?"
"How were you all diagnosed with BPD?  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  How were you all diagnosed with BPD?  I know asking for diagnoses isn’t welcome here but I am diagnosed with bipolar and don’t really know how to bring BPD up to a therapist/psychologist without the impression of me being a self-diagnoser coming up.
 If y’all don’t mind sharing, I’d like to hear how you all were diagnosed, as weird as it sounds, and also if it seems like a red flag to bring it up myself instead of having someone diagnose me themselves.  Thank you."
What happens if I get diagnosed?  General Question  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  What happens if I get diagnosed?  General Question  I think I may have bipolar depression disorder, and I don’t want to get into why I think I have it or whatever but I want to get treatment. However due to past events, I’m not comfortable with therapy or anything to do with anything like that. What exactly happens if I go to the doctor and am diagnosed with bipolar depression disorder? Do I have the choice to just have medication and not therapy? And what is the medication they give like? The side effects? Is it even worth getting diagnosed or should I just deal with this by myself?
"Night Shift vs Day Shift  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Night Shift vs Day Shift  Hey guys,
 I'm a student nurse and I'm really excited to start working in a hospital when I graduate in about a year and half. However I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder (medicated and kicking ass at life btw) and I'm worried about working nights and the effect that is going to have on my stability.
 How unavoidable are nights going to be in this profession?
 EDIT: Wow thanks for all the responses! Tons of great input, thanks."
"Is keeping a job possible?  Close  9  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Is keeping a job possible?  I am wondering if anyone here has problems keeping a job?
 I am always able to get hired, but keeping one for more than a year is just a joke unless it's been in a bar working a few hours a week. (Also, not the most healthy situation for me.) I think the longest I've had one since my hospitalization has been 6.5 months.
 I went to school forever, have an advanced degree, but that doesn't matter when it doesn't translate to earning cash and support myself. It's starting to become a huge issue. Stress always bogs me down and I get an episode or fit and can't move, or hurt myself to the point where I am scared to go out in public sometimes just due to the shame.
 I am diagnosed with Bipolar I (edit: previous bipolar ii) and BPD. My therapy is up and down, here and there. I also live in Germany, so finding the right therapist in my native tongue has been a challenge. Anyways, I know that a lot of ADD people end up working contract or freelance... I was wondering if folks with BPD lean towards a certain type of work?
 Thanks."
"What to do when you are nonfunctional at work?  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  What to do when you are nonfunctional at work?  For some background, I am diagnosed with Bipolar 1, and I have been struggling with a really nasty episode since July. It was diagnosed as severe depression but I've questioned whether it might be a mixed episode. I've had to take about a month of leave altogether since July, including filling out the FMLA paperwork and everything. Part of that leave was to attend a partial psych day hospital program. I am on meds, established with a psychiatrist, and was in regular therapy for 2+ years but recently had to find a new therapist, who I'm seeing for the first time tomorrow.
 I have a mentally demanding job at a law firm. Since the start of this episode, depression has rendered me totally ill-equipped to meet its demands. Things are falling through the cracks left and right, and the work I am able to get done is of poor quality. I used to be a star employee. If it were up to me, I think I'd quit. I am actively tanking cases right now.
 The attorneys I work for know what's going on and they are supportive. Irrationally so. No one's ready to fire me, but I almost wish they would.
 My husband has taken the position that I just have to keep doing my best, I don't really have a choice, because it's not like I can choose to not work. I am the majority breadwinner. He is supportive of me but completely resistant to the idea of me being unemployed, which I understand. We are not independently wealthy.
 I don't know how much longer I can go on like this. What do I do? Tell my employer ""hey I am incapable of performing the basic functions of my job, but I'm just gonna hang in there until you fire me""?
 Advice? I feel like I'm drowning."
Is There A Way To Help Treat Bipolar Without Medication?  Close  9  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Is There A Way To Help Treat Bipolar Without Medication?  I'm a teenager and I've been diagnosed with bipolar. I've been put on several antidepressants, mood stabilizers, and antipsychotics and none of them help, or they come with nasty side effects. i kinda don't want to try new medications and i don't think i want to be on medications at all because all they do is give me side effects with no improvement in mood. Are there ways to help with moods without medication? i realize that medication are the main way bipolar is treated, but is there ways to help myself without meds? like, i've noticed that tea calms me when i'm manic, and coffee makes me depressed. I was wondering if it's possible to help make my bipolar manageable with just therapy? I honestly find therapy way more helpful than meds for me, so i was just wondering. thanks
It gets better :)  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  It gets better :)  Hi everyone, For over a year now I have been in treatment, ranging from residential treatment where I lived in a treatment center for 93 days, to inpatient stays at the hospital, to php, and iop. A year ago I had just been diagnosed with depression and now I am diagnosed with bipolar, severe depression and anxiety, and anorexia. On top of that I struggle a lot with addiction which is 50% of why I’ve been to residential. I also struggle with self harm pretty bad, I’ve cut burned scratched, anything I could do feel pain. I thought my life was never going to get better, I couldn’t stay sober no matter how hard I tried I gave up everything and It still wasn’t enough. As my use and self harm got more and more severe I reached a point where I woke up in the hospital because I had overdosed and was told I was going to treatment. After treatment I relapsed on cocaine ketamine Xanax and I self harmed worse than I had ever before. My anorexia took control of me and I could go 4-5 days without eating until my iop made me or else I would get sent back to rehab. I reached my rock bottom. The longest I had been sober was less than 2 weeks and same with self harm. But when u r at rock bottom you can only go up and I am happy to say i have gained 2 pounds I am over 2 months sober and almost 40 days self harm free. To anyone reading this who is in a horrible place I know that life feels like it’s not worth living and it’s never going to get better but please don’t give up. Keep fighting and reach out for the help u need!! Nobody should fight the monsters in their head alone and I want to make it clear that ALL OF YOU ARE WORTH IT! I
"Something that David and others in left media have been saying something that leaves a sour taste in my mouth.  Close  9  Posted by  5 months ago  Something that David and others in left media have been saying something that leaves a sour taste in my mouth.  It's hard for me to word this, so please bear with me.
 When people are talking about Trump's mental state, it is framed as mental illness. Now obviously the dude is bonkers, but I feel like framing it as mental illness I feel that it does more harm than good. We need to talk about his mental state, but in a different way.
 Here is where I'm coming from. I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder. It's a struggle that I deal with every day and I have to be selective with who I tell about my disorder because of the stigma behind mental illness. This stigma is especially true for those of us with more ""serious"" mental illnesses like bipolar, schizophrenia, etc. Because of this, we are always made into scapegoats for society's ills.
 On the show the other day the guest was describing Trump's antics as ""manic"" and ""hypomanic"". This really disturbed me because mania and hypomania are the clinical terms for the ""highs"" of bipolar. These are symptoms that I live with, but they have never turned me into someone even remotely resembling Trump. Plus, all these mental health professionals calling into shows and dignosing him with this or that is just irresponsible in practice, because a psych needs to speak to a person face to face and get to know them before they can diagnose them with anything.
 Trump is a monster because that's just the kind of person he is. Mental illness didn't make him call for the execution of the Central Park 5. It didn't lead to his calls for violence against minorities and political opponents. He is the way he is because of 3 things:  complete detatchment from reality due to a lifetime of immense wealth, being naturally very stupid, and being on speed constantly for decades.
 When I look at Trump, I don't see someone like me. I suffer, he doesn't. Trump's brain is fried because he fried it himself. Calling him mentally ill just lumps people like me in with him and furthering the stigma that I and millions of others already have to deal with. I bust my ass to manage my illness enough to let me live the life I want to live.
 And just as importantly, if we keep calling him mentally ill then that just gives him an out so he doesn't have to be held accountable for his crimes (to the extent he'd be held accountable anyway).
 Sorry if this was a word salad."
"How do you use therapy?  Close  4  Posted by  4 months ago  How do you use therapy?  I am diagnosed with Bipolar 2 and I was told  by my psychiatrist that therapy wouldn’t be needed for my diagnosis. I also asked my GP and they agreed. However it seems as that a lot of y’all believe that therapy plays a vital role in treatment. Which makes sense, I’m just puzzled as to why I was turned away. I’ve looked up a few articles on BP and therapy and they mainly just list what types of therapy are available to those with bipolar.
 So I guess my questions are: how has therapy helped you? And what do you think makes it necessary for treatment of BP?"
My friend doesn't want me to vent about my depression  Caution - Depression Trigger  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  My friend doesn't want me to vent about my depression  Caution - Depression Trigger  Hi ppl, I am diagnosed with bipolar type II. I have a twitter account where I simply vent and sometimes make threads about being bipolar or autistic. Recently I tweeted something like "My demise, brothers!" and one of my friend replied it with saying he doesn't know what to say but I should go for it. It was rude. And when I replied with it "I will definitely." he said that by tweeting like this I just make my followers and friends sad. I don't want anyone to be sad by my words but I was just venting, I need to vent because it helps me cope with it. Is it wrong to vent? I don't understand I didn't want to make anyone sad by simply just existing.
Side effects of Azithromycin  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Side effects of Azithromycin  I am diagnosed with Bipolar 2 and panic disorder which I take meds for (Prozac, Ambien, klonopin and trileptal). I was recently diagnosed with an STI which I was prescribed Azithromycin for. After taking the first 500 mg, I almost instantaneously got a panic attack. Ever since then my anxiety, crying spells and panic attacks have been intensified x10. What is the reason for it? Three days have passed since I’ve taking this antibiotic and I have slight relief. Is this a normal reaction?
Mental Health Question  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Mental Health Question  I am in the process of being diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Previous to this I have very bad depression that has been diagnosed. Once I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, does that mean I no longer have depression? In the sense that it was depression because it was one of my lows to two bipolar.
"I feel like I'm a garbage person, how do I change?  Close  8  Posted by  5 months ago  I feel like I'm a garbage person, how do I change?  I don't like who I've become over the years and I need to change. How do I do it without the help of other people/anyone holding me accountable? I want to learn and grow and stick to something, but I always get depressed and then quit just to be alone and sad for months. I've lost all of my friends because of this and while I do have a family we don't talk about stuff like this, they expect me to do well in life.
 I know the first thought would be to go to therapy, but I'm not working currently and can't afford one, also I'm too depressed or anxious to find a job. I'm starting to really hate myself. I'm scared of everything and I just can't stay positive no matter how hard I try.
 Probably worth mentioning that I am diagnosed with bipolar II (probably have Ist though, I just haven't been to psychiatrist in a long long time) but am currently not getting any medication for it.
 What do I do? I really need to do something."
Bipolar stay-at-home parent  Close  6  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bipolar stay-at-home parent  I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2 about 2 years ago, while pregnant with my 3rd child. Things have been good although I'm really not good at differentiating which cycle I'm in which would be awesome... Lately, obvs, I haven't been doing all that good. And I need a break...but I'm a stay-at-home parent. My kids are 2, 5 and almost 8. They're good kids but kids are rarely on their best 24/7. Neither am I, but to be honest but I think I'm a decent mom. Anyways. I'm going to see my dr today and in the shower, as I rushed washing my hair listening to the littlest one whine in her crib, I had a thought. If I were a worker with an employer, I would ask for time off. I would ask her "please, sign me a paper for a month or two off so I can catch my breath". That was such a hard realisation. I just needed to share it before I go try to make the best of today... hopefully something good comes out of it!
"2/2/20, PT2. Dear my trusted friend,  Sexual Abuse Trigger Warning  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  2/2/20, PT2. Dear my trusted friend,  Sexual Abuse Trigger Warning  I can’t sleep as I write this to you. I’m waiting for the medication to take over and send me off to sleep, but I’m afraid my thoughts are too fast to come off this track. I’m afraid when my thoughts are derailed, I’ll surely fly off this cliff, and spiral downward into an abyss.
 An abyss solemnly dark where the bottom never ends...
 In my last attempt to have a manic experience tonight, I reached out to The ex a few hours after writing my last entry. I happened to pass the restaurant where my perpetrators took me before they sexually assaulted me last year, and a sudden wave of emptiness washed over my soul. I can’t let the darkness win, I pressed on, I can’t give in. If tonight’s my last night without the medication that sobers me up and stabilizes my mood, then fuck it. I’ll just make him a part of my last high.
 I call him The ex because he’s the only serious boyfriend I’ve had since I was in college, which has been about 3 years since I graduated now. We were adults doing adults things, successful for our age, and having kinky sex beyond anything I ever imagined before. Little did I know it was my Mania that caused this hyper-sexuality. This is something I was all too familiar with, but never could identify.
 That is until I met The ex. Let’s just call him A.
 A was diagnosed with bipolar I since he was 17, and he’s 27 now. We dated while he was 26 and it felt like I had met my counterpart. It was eerie how similar we were. He spoke openly about his disorder, and I saw he was describing my own experiences and situations. I felt a deep shame that it took me until the age of 26 to realize it, but you see, my Mania has made me an incredibly successful person up until then, despite my de-habilitating episodes of depression. Even then, it was only in my depressive episodes that I ever sought psychiatric help. Well well well, antidepressants don’t work for someone who’s bipolar, and so I’d stop taking them shortly after I started. I’d hop right back on that Mania train.
 This went on for years.
 When I told him about our striking similarities he gently encouraged me to see a psychiatrist. Three separate diagnoses later, here I am... diagnosed with bipolar I as well.
 Tonight, it was comforting to tell him what I’ve been going through the last few weeks, and how awful it feels to be having a mixed episode. He held me as I cried, fucked me when I was up enough to crave the high he gives me with intense orgasms, and talked with me about how everything is going to be okay. In this moment, I look forward to being back on my medication once again.
 As I write this I finally feel the medication begin to work. My thoughts are slowing down and my eyes beginning to grow heavy. I shall drift into a state where my imagination can take me places my conscious can’t fathom. Please, Universe, bless me with good places tonight.
 Thank you for being there for me, my trusted friend. Until we speak again."
"Am I [20F] a toxic partner to my boyfriend [25M]?  Close  0  Posted by  3 months ago  Am I [20F] a toxic partner to my boyfriend [25M]?  Edi: Cross posting to  r/relationships 
 So this is a bit of a strange post because it's not really a particular situation per se... Essentially I'm trying to deconstruct whether or not my behaviour is normal.
 For some context, prior to dating my current boyfriend, I had a pretty toxic abusive ex. This is all pretty important because since I'm young and it was my first relationship, I didn't really know what was and wasn't normal. So my ex used to coerce me into having sex, sometimes anal (you can check my post history for that). He lived about 1 hour drive away from me, and he came over every weekend despite me sometimes asking him not to because i was busy for school. We had dated for about 1.5 years. Whenever we had an argument, he would always say, ""I see where you're coming from, but..."" and then keep pressing on with ""But isn't it reasonable for me to feel x way in y situation?""
 So it was a lot of emotional manipulation (probably something he wasn't aware of). He would also text me constantly throughout the day during our relationship, and I wouldn't always respond. I felt really pressured to constantly give him my undivided attention at all times. So he would take up my weekends (Usually Friday evening until Monday at noon), text me constantly, and sometimes he came over during the week as well. The weeks that he didn't come, I was expected to make a trek up to his town, which was a 3 hour bus ride from where I was.
 So that's the context for my question. My current boyfriend is wonderful. We've been dating about maybe 4, 5 months now? He's really kind to me and he's respectful of my boundaries. I think he enjoys spending time with me as much as I enjoy spending time with him. He lives about an hour's bus ride away from me, and he hasn't been over to my place because I have a cat (that he's allergic to). We try to see each other about once a week, sometimes once every two weeks.
 Here's my problem. I feel like I'm being what my ex was like to me, if that makes sense. I message him a lot during the day, usually just a meme or an update on something happening in my life. I don't always expect a response or anything more than a ""lol"" or ""wtf"", but I also don't always get a response... When I tell him that I love him, I don't always get an I love you back, and he's never the first one to say it. I'm trying to understand it as different love languages, but I find myself doubting that he really likes me? Maybe he doesn't feel comfortable saying it because he doesn't return the sentiment?
 And I seem to want to spend time with him more than he wants to spend time with me... When we make plans to hang out for a day or so and it gets cancelled, he doesn't seem super disappointed about it. He hasn't started any conversations with me recently and I guess I'm just paranoid. I haven't brought this up with him because sometimes I'll ask him whether he's annoyed with me or if he still likes me and at first he was kind of surprised and would say ""yeah, of course."" But now when i ask him he just kind of sighs exasperatedly. I'm really paranoid that I'm being unreasonable, but I don't ask him those questions unless I'm feeling super doubtful in the moment, but it really hurts when I keep the question locked up.
 Am I toxic? Am I being too clingy or controlling? Am I too obsessive about him? It's not like I'm constantly thinking about him, but I do double message occasionally because I basically use dms as Snapchat. I guess I'm not feeling a lot of love from him online, but when we're in person it's usually okay. I think I'm well past the honeymoon phase, but I know I love him for who he is.
 TL;DR: I had a previous bad relationship experience and I don't know whether me wanting to spend time with my current partner is a sign of me being toxic or not. I feel like I'm being too needy or clingy but at the same time I don't feel like his love is present enough when we're apart. I'm scared of turning into my ex. Any opinions would be helpful.
 BTW, I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, ADHD, and OCD. I am currently taking medication to get those under control and I am seeing a therapist. I don't know whether these are issues with my disorders or if this is something I should discuss with the s/o"
Lamictal users  Close  32  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Lamictal users  Hello. I am diagnosed with bipolar two disorder. I ve been on seroquel for two months now and my doctor wants to switch me to lamictal. I ve done four failed attempts so far. At the second day taking 25 mg of lamictal i feel so empty of energy, so depressed that i had to stop. My doctor says i have to give it more time. My question is, does anyone have experienced this first reaction and had continued treatment???
"I really want them to change.  [Rant/Vent]  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  I really want them to change.  [Rant/Vent]  TW: talks of suicide and depression. Long post. I just need someone.
  
 Not a great story teller. Just really frustrated at this point.  First post. (19F)
 So I have been traumatized at a young age and I kept that trauma all to myself until it all built up and caused major mental instability. I went to a psychologist because one of my professors back at school noticed that I was doing really bad and I frequently get random bouts of panic attacks or anxiety attacks. I got diagnosed with PTSD and depression by my first doctor.
  
 Eventually, I was having a suicidal episode and my grandma found me about to hang myself while crying. She cried and called my mom. I finally told them what was happening to me and how I got diagnosed with PTSD and depression. At first, I knew they wouldn't understand so I tried to bear with the words they told me about how selfish I am for wanting to take my own life and how every single person has a problem and get sad. I took in all of those words. For years. I kept changing doctors and got prescribed different medications until eventually I am diagnosed with Bipolar type I with psychotics and PTSD. I keep having a ton of hallucinations, most are auditory and them wanting me to take my own life. So it's been really tough.
  
 I endured all of it for years while both my parents still think I'm being selfish for thinking so negative of life. ""We're here for you, aren't we enough to stop them?"" ""You're just making everything up"" ""Your medications are the reason why you're having episodes"" I supported myself with the finances for my doctors and medications and never asked them the time I turned 19. They still think that I'm wasting money with getting treatment for my mental illness and they keep asking money from me to pay the bills around our house.
  
 Recently, I abruptly stopped with my medications because I was broke and I didn't have money to keep buying meds and I keep skipping work because I keep getting sick so they take my absences out of my pay. With me stopping with the medications, I had a relapse and the voices went back, I keep having suicidal thoughts that I wanted to stop.
  
 This happened last week. I couldn't handle the voices anymore and I was so close to giving up. I tried reaching out to both of my parents. I was crying because the voices won't stop and I just want them to be there with me. I told them the reason why I was telling them was because I didn't want to do what the voices were telling me. THEY STARTED FUMING. Both of them snapped and got mad at me. Saying how weak I was and I swear to God their voices still stuck in my head telling me if I want to kill myself, just go ahead and do it. Then my mom interjected with ""If you do it, then fine! Go die! But remember this, you are the reason why this family is gonna fall apart and won't be complete. You're gonna be the reason why this family won't have a mother because if you kill yourself, I'm gonna follow you."" - Just writing about this actually makes me shake and tears are actually forming in my eyes. I still want them to change.
  
 After that outburst from them, I decided to call my mom's cousin. She was so patient and understanding. Comforted me. Made me feel safe. Offered to buy my medications. She talked to my parents and they acted all nice with her being there and acted like they were so concerned about me. They acted like they didn't wish for me to die.
  
 I overdosed this Wednesday morning.
  
 I went back to my doctor this Friday morning and told him about my relapse and how I overdosed. He wants me to get admitted to a psychiatric ward and get a family therapy. The only problem I have right now is how I'll tell my parents without them getting mad and blaming it all on me again and the money that I need for the hospital and the therapy. My supervisor at my job is okay with me skipping work for a few days or weeks. He said he just wants me to get better. I just wish all the support I'm receiving from my friends and other people are the same ones I'm getting from my parents.
  
 I still want them to change."
"I don't know how to get out of this  Dangerous Behavior Warning  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  I don't know how to get out of this  Dangerous Behavior Warning  Buckle in, cause this is a long blow. It all started when i met this girl and we very quickly became best friends. When we started hanging out she was in a relationship that was unhealthy and i knew it wasn't going to end well. Meanwhile, we were starting to get closer and closer and ill admit, i fell absolutely head over heels for her. We would hang out almost every day, cuddle under blankets and just be genuinely happy. Then came new years... so her partner was being awful and finally decided to come back from him parents home for new years to spend it with her and our friends.  He initially wasnt going to come back. But anyways because of this my mental health got triggered early in the evening at the racing thoughts of him coming back and me not being able to see her as much as i did before during the christmas break. Eventually she got me out of the slump but then one thing led to another and we ended up in a private room discussing our conflicting feelings for eachother. I told her everything. We were inebriated and almost made plans to disappear with each other when everyone was gone. However it didn't quite end up that way. Instead, her partner knew something was up, so they talked it through and broke up. Her partner thought she was leaving him for me.
 Now my best friend here has borderline, and so the breakup ended up being the end of her world. It hurt me to see her in so much pain so I stayed with her every step of the way. She got kicked out of her house, she lived with me. I helped her move out and grab her belongings, and every time she was in an episode i quickly ran to her to make sure she would be okay. She and i talked and she told me she couldnt do relationships or anything for some time. And i respect that because i just want whats best for her. I just love her so much.
 After some time she started to recover, and we even ended up sleeping together for the first time because she wanted to start exploring her newfound freedom in being single. Being a supportive friend i was so excited that this was the case. But then came along this guy who im going to call Tom. Tom is a really nice guy, but from the moment she and i met him, he admitted he had been crushing on and waiting for her to get out of this relationship cause he was so into her. At first their friendship was harmless but then they slept together and all of a sudden she starts messaging me about how amazing and perfect he is and how hes everything shes ever dreamed of and he treats her like a princess.
 Now, i am diagnosed with Bipolar II, and hearing these words just made my heart absolutely sink. All i want is for her to be happy, but at the same time, for months all i have been able to think about is her, how beautiful she is inside and out and how sad i am that i cant do anything to take action on my feelings because i just want her to be totally okay. So reading about this made me feel so sick to my stomach it spiralled me into a deppresive episode deeper and faster than ive ever experienced in my life. Within the past 4 days (starting the day they slept together and she texted me everything) i started experiencing such immense emotional pain each day i hear about them hanging out and i am so scared that they are going to get together.
 Now, because im not a terrible friend, im not stopping her from living her life. I wouldnt do that. But i am struggling so much to figure out how to cope with my emotions regarding this situation and how to get over her? In the past 4 days alone i self harmed multiple times and attempted once. No matter what i do i cant get out of this cycle of negativity and self harm. Everything about the situation seems like its my fault that im not treating her like ""a princess"" or making her feel ""happier than shes ever been"". And i know shes only telling me these things because she wants to share her happiness with me. But im experiencing so much pain because of it.
 Today i explained some of what was going on to her, (from a friendship point of view because i dont feel right still talking about everything else) and she claims im not losing her but when i asked her if she and tom were just friends she responded quite apprehensively, saying  ""yeah.."" which after all of this has sent me into another spiral.
 In the end, all i want is to stop feeling so much pain that i feel the only way to stop it is to die. While she means the world to me, in the end i dont care who she ends up with, so long as i can just find a healthy way to get over it. But sadly, this is where im stuck. I cant find a healthy way to cope. Im spiralling and i dont know what to do. I just want the pain to stop.
 (Edit: the reason ive also been so nervous about Tom is because i know he has tendencies to sleep around with a lot of people and im worried he might be leading her on. She also has mentioned to me that one of her biggest habits with her borderline is jumping into the hands of the next person who will treat her amazing and holding on to them for dear life which i am worried might also be starting to happen.)"
"GOT A DUI IN VEGAS BUT WASN'T INTOXICATED...  Close  0  Posted by  4 months ago  GOT A DUI IN VEGAS BUT WASN'T INTOXICATED...  Hi everyone.  I drove to Las Vegas, NV from California and was pulled over right when I exited Flamingo Blvd to my hotel.  I was not drinking or under the influence of anything.   I took the breathalyzer test in which i blew 0 but the officer still arrested me and also cited me for not signaling when I exited.  In my defense, his flashing light was a distraction as to why I didn't signal properly when exiting.  But whatever.
 Anyways, I have no idea why he arrested me for DUI.  I am diagnosed with Bipolar and could've been manic but I was completely conscious of everything that was going on and was OK to drive.  I 'm so clueless as to why I was arrested.
 I went to my 1st court date, which was rescheduled to another date and was given a ticket that tallied ""stay out of trouble"" and none of the tally was marked for the list of DUI penalties... So I'm hoping I'll be OK.  I'm just worried about the outcome of my situation and it's problematic that I have to book flights/hotels just to attend the court dates.
 Do you guys think I would benefit out of hiring a lawyer?  I can barely afford one at the moment but I have less than 2 months to plan it out.
 Any advice would help.  Thank you."
"Am I [20F] a toxic partner to my boyfriend [25M]?  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  Am I [20F] a toxic partner to my boyfriend [25M]?  (Cross posted to  r/relationship_advice )
 So  this is a bit of a strange post because it's not really a particular  situation per se... Essentially I'm trying to deconstruct whether or not  my behaviour is normal.
 For some  context, prior to dating my current boyfriend, I had a pretty toxic  abusive ex. This is all pretty important because since I'm young and it  was my first relationship, I didn't really know what was and wasn't  normal. So my ex used to coerce me into having sex, sometimes anal (you  can check my post history for that). He lived about 1 hour drive away  from me, and he came over every weekend despite me sometimes asking him  not to because i was busy for school. We had dated for about 1.5 years.  Whenever we had an argument, he would always say, ""I see where you're  coming from, but..."" and then keep pressing on with ""But isn't it  reasonable for me to feel x way in y situation?""
 So  it was a lot of emotional manipulation (probably something he wasn't  aware of). He would also text me constantly throughout the day during  our relationship, and I wouldn't always respond. I felt really pressured  to constantly give him my undivided attention at all times. So he would  take up my weekends (Usually Friday evening until Monday at noon), text  me constantly, and sometimes he came over during the week as well. The  weeks that he didn't come, I was expected to make a trek up to his town,  which was a 3 hour bus ride from where I was.
 So  that's the context for my question. My current boyfriend is wonderful.  We've been dating about maybe 4, 5 months now? He's really kind to me  and he's respectful of my boundaries. I think he enjoys spending time  with me as much as I enjoy spending time with him. He lives about an  hour's bus ride away from me, and he hasn't been over to my place  because I have a cat (that he's allergic to). We try to see each other  about once a week, sometimes once every two weeks.
 Here's  my problem. I feel like I'm being what my ex was like to me, if that  makes sense. I message him a lot during the day, usually just a meme or  an update on something happening in my life. I don't always expect a  response or anything more than a ""lol"" or ""wtf"", but I also don't always  get a response... When I tell him that I love him, I don't always get  an I love you back, and he's never the first one to say it. I'm trying  to understand it as different love languages, but I find myself doubting  that he really likes me? Maybe he doesn't feel comfortable saying it  because he doesn't return the sentiment?
 And  I seem to want to spend time with him more than he wants to spend time  with me... When we make plans to hang out for a day or so and it gets  cancelled, he doesn't seem super disappointed about it. He hasn't  started any conversations with me recently and I guess I'm just  paranoid. I haven't brought this up with him because sometimes I'll ask  him whether he's annoyed with me or if he still likes me and at first he  was kind of surprised and would say ""yeah, of course."" But now when i  ask him he just kind of sighs exasperatedly. I'm really paranoid that  I'm being unreasonable, but I don't ask him those questions unless I'm  feeling super doubtful in the moment, but it really hurts when I keep  the question locked up.
 Am I  toxic? Am I being too clingy or controlling? Am I too obsessive about  him? It's not like I'm constantly thinking about him, but I do double  message occasionally because I basically use dms as Snapchat. I guess  I'm not feeling a lot of love from him online, but when we're in person  it's usually okay. I think I'm well past the honeymoon phase, but I know  I love him for who he is.
 TL;DR: I  had a previous bad relationship experience and I don't know whether me  wanting to spend time with my current partner is a sign of me being  toxic or not. I feel like I'm being too needy or clingy but at the same  time I don't feel like his love is present enough when we're apart. I'm  scared of turning into my ex. Any opinions would be helpful.
 BTW,  I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, ADHD, and OCD. I am currently  taking medication to get those under control and I am seeing a  therapist. I don't know whether these are issues with my disorders or if  this is something I should discuss with the s/o"
"Psychiatrist gives me an ultimatum (venting)  Close  10  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Psychiatrist gives me an ultimatum (venting)  I've cried all afternoon about this infront of multiple health professionals at different times, I usually stay very composed and rational around people like this but I lost my shit today.
 Basically, I've been diagnosed with bipolar I for a long time now and still have yet to find the right treatment. I've been through about 10+ different treatments in my life (started about 5 years ago). I recently stopped using the Seroquel XR (quetiapine 600mg) I was prescribed and felt instant relief from suicidal ideation and weird psychotic visions. No idea why I decided to end it, it just seemed like a dangerous thing to me, even though I had been taking it for 6 months, somehow I started having a bad reaction to it.
 So today I'm with my psychiatrist and nurse and ask what the next possible line of treatment is, highly suggesting stopping the antipsychotic route since I've been through 3 of them already with no success and too much sedation. The psychiatrist looks at me in a condescending way and says as long as I still take heroin it's ""too complicated"" so I should just stop and also not even consider a substitute in order to proceed.
 So here I am crying next to my doctor in the heroin shooting room next to the train station (yes we have these facilities), feeling utterly blocked and misunderstood.
 Does this woman thinks I can just be like ""hey yeah lets just stop taking heroin"" from one day to the next ? Doesn't she think the causality of this situation is to be turned around and maybe focus on treating core illness first ? Does she realize I haven't been off treatment like this in 5 years and I feel extremely unstable right now ?
 That's it. Thanks. I just needed to vent."
Disability payment?  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Disability payment?  I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression and schizoaffective disorder.  Just wondering how much I should expect a disability payment to be.
"Hello again  Close  42  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Hello again  Hello again soulnexus. I know the past week was odd for me. I know I seemed a bit 'sloth' like. I'm sorry for acting the way I did.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. It means I get high highs and low lows. I was on top of the world the past few days. I know I did some regrettable things. Im sorry. I'm sorry for the drama. I don't plan on responding to my own accounts again.
 Will you accept this apology?"
In need of information  HELP - LAWS  Close  3  Posted by  9 days ago  In need of information  HELP - LAWS  I’ve done some research and I’m still confused on the beginning steps as to where to start. I am 24, and live in CT. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for about 10 years, and more recently fibromyalgia. I’ve been looking at the benefits of having a service dog more and more over the past few weeks. I’m just confused where to start. I’m not sure which doctor to bring the conversation up to (psychiatrist or APRN), or if there is paperwork to fill out. I’m looking for any clarity for the steps that need to be followed. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
"Do episodes stop with medication?  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Do episodes stop with medication?  I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2 since August and I'm on my first mood stabilizer, lamictal, up to 300 mg. I feel much more stable than ever before. But my psychiatrist said the goal of mood stabilizers is to dampen or reduce the intensity and effects of episodes. Does that mean that the episodes never go away, they are just milder? I know I'll be on medication for the rest of my life because bipolar isn't curable, but I really thought medicine could eliminate episodes all together.
 Any advice or personal experiences?"
"Am I transgender?  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Am I transgender?  Hi, I've been struggling to figure this out for a very long time. I'm around 19 years old. Ever since I was a child I've been fascinating with being a girl. I used to make girl characters in RPGs, I went into online chatrooms as a girl before I even knew the differences in sex and gender well, and recently (past year or so) created a female name for myself. I've never been into sports or anything particularly ""manly"". I REALLY want to be a female sometimes, and am sometimes neutral with my body, but I've never wanted to be a male. However, I would say I have a high sex drive. I don't know if being female is ""fetish"" or something. I'm not entirely sure if my desires are real or not. I've been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder and am depressed. I'm very confused with myself and hate how I normally look, sound, etc. Hate my body.
 I've always been very short (5'4 ish) and generally been very hairless. A couple months ago I started shaving my armpits and I liked it so much I kept doing it. I shaved my legs as well as... other areas. Enjoyed it a lot. My girlfriend wanted to paint my nails at some point and I kept them for three or so days because they made me feel really good looking at them. Later I wanted to try makeup and I felt really happy seeing myself with it. I picture myself as a female when I'm not thinking about it too hard. I cry a lot and am emotional. I've had a very conservative upbringing.
 For some reason, I don't feel as if my feelings are valid. I don't know why. I'd just like to hear others opinions. Is this normal? How do you feel when you're trans? I want members of the community's thoughts, since this seems like a HUGE decision and I can't tell how I feel. I can't tell if I just feel bad with myself because I'm depressed, or because I just don't want to be me, or because I actually want to be a female.
 How did other trans people feel like before taking hormones or anything? Do you wish you waited? Are you glad you transitioned? If I do tell them how I feel I think I will be alienated from all of my family, they won't understand.
 Again, just looking for some advice, stories, thoughts, whatever.
 Thanks!"
"I've been Microdosing mescaline (San Pedro) for psychiatric and spiritual reasons for 1,5 now  Close  51  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I've been Microdosing mescaline (San Pedro) for psychiatric and spiritual reasons for 1,5 now  I've been microdosing san pedro for 1,5 months now and thought I'd share some results.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and that plus general proneness to depression was my main reason to start this journey of self-searching and ultimately self-healing. I've come really long way, but at times I wish I knew how much more exactly is there. This journey, although at times invigorating and positive, is often so hard. And at the moment I am single, and experiencing this cosmic loneliness is a challenge itself...
 Basically what SP is bringing up is my unhealthy patterns. It makes me see the way I act towards others but mainly towards myself, and that's not pretty. I seem to have been acting out of self-loathing and self-punishment a lot, perhaps all my life. And I just get into these situations again and again where I can be either a victim or sometimes a winner of unjust circumstances. I am tired of that, but haven't yet found a new way to be.
 One of the things I do is hide from life. Spend days and days at home (wherever that happens to be, I've led a nomadic lifestyle across the world for many years now). Avoid people, then all of a sudden come back and try to catch up with everything at once (very typical for bipolar). Alcohol consumption has been shown to me as a problem. This is something I am battling with now. I'll add more as my journey continues."
"Separated Seeking Advice  Close  3  Posted by  4 months ago  Separated Seeking Advice  Long story short, my wife and I are separated and I'm looking for advice to get through it.
 Edit 1: Adding a bit more context:
 My wife and I have been together 4 years and no kids.  I had been diagnosed with ADHD at the start of our marriage and I had to lean on her a lot. She had to parent me a bit to help me through it and we did get through it. Things continued to keep getting better and this last year was the best year we had.
 We had both been feeling like independent adults in a happy healthy marriage.  This last summer was the best we had.  Then the busy season started at work and we both got stressed, stopped communicating effectively and hadn't been having regular sex.
 Then something changed and she felt more distant. It felt like a switch flipped in her or me or both and then we had a fight that lasted a few days.
 On the last day I hadn't slept in about 36 hours eaten in weeks and was in a manic state.  The fight really escalated and when it finished I started having suicidal ideations and scared myself enough to drive to the ER.
 I was admitted and stayed at an in-patient facility for a week. During which time she told me through a friend not to reach out more than once a week.
 Now I've been diagnosed with Bipolar II, getting therapy, I'm on new medications and haven't spoken to my wife since I was at inpatient."
"HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar + other forums)  Hey y'all,
 I'm exposing myself here, but I figure, here goes.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm nervous that that's not what I have, or I may have something more than that.
 I've talked to myself ever since I can remember, coming up with 'characters' through which I go through life. At first this was just games and I'd make up little plays and games with these 'characters', but now I go through daily life talking through them, to myself. They have names. However, they're characteristics aren't different from my personality, they're not very different from each other; it feels like I'm the same person, just with different names that I used to talk to myself and work through my problems or my day. All the characteristics and everything add up to make up 'me.' I'm fully conscious of these 'characters,' don't have amnesia, no forgetfulness, don't really notice dissociation throughout the day.
 I also struggle with binge-eating at times, but never self-harmed or abused substances. I do have a history of trauma mostly shared with my family.
 I'm nervous that I may have traits related to BPD, DID, or C-PTSD. For anyone co-morbid, or who just have those disorders, how did you know? Has any of what I said resonated?
 ^I was directed to  r/dpdr  by someone in a DID subreddit, and was wondering if anyone resonated with my experience here as well!"
"Lost a lot of friends and want to apologize.  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  Lost a lot of friends and want to apologize.  Hey guys,
 In high school, I was depressed, mostly unstable, and trying to process trauma. During high school, my junior and senior year were the worst years for my mental health. I pushed and lost a lot of people in my life because of my actions and behavior. In hindsight, I can see how toxic I was. I'm in college now (20 F), going to therapy, taking medication, and overall, just trying to better myself.
 I'm finally processing my trauma, I've been diagnosed with bipolar/borderline personality disorder, but have missed out on a lot of friendships, and missing my old friendships. I want to apologize to my old pals from high school.
 I want to say I'm sorry for my gross behavior and that I now see how wrong I was. I want to say I'm better now. I want to know how they are doing.
 My question of advice, I guess, would be, should I mention I'm seeing a therapist? Should I mention that I was going through things that I couldn't process, which in turn, could have been the reason my behavior was so gross?  (Gross as in clingy, jealous, extremely depressed, and unpredictable.)
 I have an idea of what to write them, I just wanted to know if it would be appropriate, as I want them to know the reason, and that I don't act like that anymore.
 Any advice would be much appreciated. Thank you. :)"
"Onset Schizophrenia  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  Onset Schizophrenia  So I'm worried that I might be developing schizophrenia. I'm 21 years old and when I close my eyes to go to sleep some nights I start to hear random chitchat from a variety of people I either meet during the day or just people I know. This only happens when I close my eyes and I'm starting to drift off to sleep. Some nights the voices are easier to hear and sometimes that frightens me. So far over the past 5 months that these voices have developed I've only had 1 time where I thought I was completely losing my mind when the voices started to echo/repeat for 5 seconds. It doesn't sound like a long time but for those 5 seconds I didn't know what to do but just scream out loud ""shut the fuck up!""
 My mother is extremely bipolar and she has mild delusions even when she's medicated. She's been on olanzapine for about 20 years and she completely detaches from reality and does crazy stupid shit liking driving 90mph on a country road (I was in the car when she did this when I was younger).
 I have NOT been diagnosed with Schizophrenia though. I've been diagnosed with bipolar."
"Friday Spotlight: Lowblowlo  Weekly Thread  Close  84  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Friday Spotlight: Lowblowlo  Weekly Thread  Spotlight #101! It's the end of the work week for most of us and it's time to get the day started with your weekly Spotlight thread. This week's featured runner always seems to be a positive member of the  r/running  community and I'm glad we're finally getting around to her. Getting the ball rollin' now, here's your newest highlighted athlete. Ladies and gents... /u/lowblowlo !
 Let's do this...
   The Runner:   First Name? 
  Amber
   Age? 
  22
   Where are you from? 
  Northwest Florida
   Occupation? 
  Stay at home mom (see: ""full time mom"", ""‪24/7 mom""‬, ""it never ends oh god I need a vacation"")
    Running Q&A's:   What are your PR’s? 
  5k(race): 28:42
   What is your distance PR? 
  6 miles. Lil noob bby
   What’s your highest recorded weekly mileage? 
  20 miles - been sitting here comfortably for a bit before the half marathon training picks up
   What’s your comfy pace? 
  Somewhere between ‪9:45-10:45‬ depending on the day and how cooperative my hip flexors are being. They’re the only things that ever bother me enough that it effects my running.
   How long have you been running? 
  I briefly ran with the XC team in high school, but spent a lot of time running for cheerleading/gymnastics conditioning as a kid and then into high school. While everyone else huffed and puffed about it, I found that I actually quite enjoyed it, so I've always known I had it in me. I've been running seriously since February of this year!
   Tell us why you began running? 
  Barring all the boring details, I started running to turn my brain off. Running from my problems, if you will. Depression has stolen a lot from me in my life, and I found myself in a situation where I just needed to stop thinking about everything that was going on around me before I lost my damn mind. I needed to feel like I had control over  something  again. Running is a really spiritual thing for me - I've learned a lot about myself and how I operate both physically and mentally. Additionally, my husband! He definitely deserves some credit. He started taking our little guy out on walks to give me a bit of peace and quiet even after his long days at work. And then the walks turned into runs, and then that sounded like fun, so I joined in. His belief in me has been unwavering and he's pushed me to be a better version of myself. He's the best and I'm so glad we've found something so wonderful that we love to do together. Okay, I'm done being mushy!
   Most memorable running moment? 
  Other than realizing that I could run for 20 minutes without stopping, my most memorable running moment (so far) was a few weekends ago at  my first official 5k . My goal was to run sub-30 so I could work off of that in the future, and also to beat some random girl in my division's time from last year. When I could see the finish line and the clock ticking, I realized I had ~90 seconds to gun it in order to accomplish my goal. I'd picked up the pace quite a bit in the last mile, so I already had that not-so-pleasant feeling in my stomach, but when I crossed the finish line and realized I actually did what I set out to do,  I found it in me for a split second to flash a smile of pure pride . The next consecutive photo taken was of my not-so-flattering gag face. Didn't lose my cookies, though!
   Do you have a running mantra? 
  Oh, I have a lot.
  ""Do the damn thing"" ""One foot in front of the other"" ""Your mind will give up long before your legs do"" ""I feel good, I feel fresh"" ""Run as hard as you hate yourself"" ""Nothing is beautiful and everything hurts"" (my spin on the Slaughterhouse-Five quote) Clearly, it's a toss up depending on my mood that day.
    What time of day do you prefer to run? 
  Approximately ‪8:30AM‬...because I operate best on a strict day-to-day schedule with very little deviation from said schedule.
   Any big races coming up? 
  A local airport runway 5k in December, a half marathon in January, and a 15k in February!
   What are your short-term running goals? 
  Mostly just get faster. I'd at least like to beat my previous 5k time in December and I'm aiming for a sub-2 hour half, which I'm pretty confident I can accomplish with proper discipline.
   What are your long-term running goals? 
  Marathon by November 2018. Sub-25 5k would be pretty cool. I actually see myself training for a tri within the next few years, but that's a discussion for another time. I'll get there.
   What’s one piece of running advice you’d give to the younger version of yourself? 
  Stop eating so much shit and you'll feel better. Go to sleep and wake up earlier and you'll feel better. Get out of bed and you'll feel better. Oh, and go run. You'll feel better.
   What is something you need to work on to become a better runner? 
  Realizing that I have way more in me than I give myself credit for...and then implementing that ideology. Just because my heart rate hits the high 180s and I feel like I'm dying doesn't mean that I'm  actually  going to die. Suffer faster, amirite?
   What is your current shoe choice? 
  Saucony Ride 9! Think I'm gonna try some Kinvaras next, though.
   Road, Trail, Track, or Treadmill? 
  Road! Treadmill when I don't feel like making my brain function because sometimes it takes a lot of energy to dodge cars and pay attention to crosswalks and think about routes. Ugh, EFFORT.
   What is your ideal running weather? 
  I won't complain as long as the sun is shining, but I do like a bit of a chill and a slight breeze off the bay.
   Do you have any social media accounts you’d like to share? 
   Strava! 
    Just For Fun:   What’s your spirit animal? 
  Squirrel! They're adorable and erratic and run out in front of cars. I can relate.
   What hobbies and interests do you have besides running? 
  -Spending time with my family. We take a lot of trips to Disney World and it's something I always look forward to because it's totally my happy place. It's a billion times more exciting now that we have a toddler! -Yoga -Consuming unhealthy amounts of caffeine by being a self-proclaimed iced mocha connoisseur -Cooking, particularly coming up with ways to make more nutritious versions of my favorite unhealthy meals -Delving into anything that spikes my interest regarding health/wellness -Discovering new music -Writing/reading poetry, more so when I'm being a sad shit
   Do you have any hidden talents? 
  I have a photographic memory, so if you can't find something I can probably tell you exactly where it's at based on where I saw it. I'm oddly gifted when it comes to identifying smells and who voices belong to. Oh, and I can mysteriously pull out the perfect number of clothes hangers from the closet for hanging shirts from a pile of laundry.
   Biggest pet peeve? 
  Anything having to do with sound of eating or drinking. I don't want to hear you smackin', slurpin', chewin', NOTHIN'. And if you do, I'm liable to ask you to stop or move away from me. Or more likely just audibly groan and move myself away from you.
   Dream job! What would it be? 
  I'm honestly living my dream! Always saw myself as a stay at home mom but MAN I didn't realize it'd be the toughest job of them all. I worked as a pharmacy technician for years and dealt with the worst of the worst, but at least I can tell my kid to not be an asshole to people.
   Favorite Quote or Poem? 
  ""It's not about the legs, but it's about the heart and mind."" -Eliud Kipchoge in a segment from the  NatGeo Breaking2 documentary  (highly recommend)
   What is your favorite movie? 
  I'm not a huge fan of movies mostly because I'm a fidgeter and can't keep my attention focused on something for that long. I strongly believe that movies watched in the theater should have intermissions. BUT IF I HAVE TO CHOOSE, I like comedies and documentaries. I'm fond of Melissa McCarthy in Tammy and ‪Identity Thief‬. ‪Bad Moms‬ is a more recent one I enjoyed to watch. Oh! and the Barkley Marathons documentary was amazing.
   What is your biggest character flaw? 
  We could've had an entire spotlight just on my character flaws! Let's see. First of all, I'm painfully sarcastic. This usually determines right off the bat if someone’s personality is going to mesh well with mine. I have no shame in sharing that I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder (type 2 for those who care). For the sake of reducing the stigma surrounding bipolar disorder (and mental illness in general - TALK ABOUT IT!), this doesn’t mean I’m going to snap and “go crazy” on someone. This means I have what I like to call “good brain days” and “bad brain days”, so some days I'm the most pleasant and lovely person in the world to be around, but on others I'm very sad, angry, disengaged, and standoffish. Mostly no one can tell but me, but I still try to be upfront about it when it's appropriate. Anyway, moving on! I have an extremely insensitive and distasteful sense of humor (AKA my jokes aren't funny) but I've mostly learned to keep my mouth shut in that regard. I'm not a fan of insincerity, so you'll never catch me faking or forcing something out and I've been described as blunt and abrasive  shrugs . I'm also the self-deprecating type (lol can ya tell), and no one ever thinks that's very fun. But I'm a nice girl, I promise! Just a little rough around the edges.
   What songs have you been listening to recently? 
  I have a very broad and questionably horrible taste in music. I listen to a lot of…crap, for lack of a better word, that most people don't like. Some of my favorite bands are Perspective, a Lovely Hand to Hold, Sorority Noise, Old Gray, Brave Bird, ‪Tigers Jaw‬, ‪Modern Baseball‬, and ‪The Front Bottoms‬.
   What are some of your favorite non-running subreddits? 
   r/emo  (it's music, I promise)  r/xxfitness   r/totallynotrobots   r/2meirl4meirl   r/1200isplenty   r/1200isjerky 
    One Last Question:   What is the origin of your username? 
  I’ve never watched much Arrested Development, but I saw this little snippet at some point and it made me laugh because that’s exactly what I sound like pretty much every time I open my mouth to say something - just a jumble of noises that are supposed to be words exiting my piehole. The whole exchange got stuck in my head for a few days straight, so it's how my username came about!
   This was fun! Thanks for featuring me this week  r/running !
    That's it folks! Have a great weekend and enjoy the miles.
 Thanks for reading everyone!    Please tag  /u/Lowblowlo  when asking a question in this thread.    Previously Featured Spotlight Runners:
  Palindrome27    A-german-muffin    xfkirsten    PepperoniFire    rennuR_liarT  Santa Claus  Brwalkernc  Pinkpiggie  Fobo911  Kinsibit  Jaime_manger  Craigster38  Despoena  Philpips  Brunchweasel  Chickensedan  Skragen  Incster  Freedomweasel  Jennifer1911  RedKryptonite  Zebano  Kevin402can  Punkrock_runner  ProudPatriot07  Once_a_hobby_jogger  Loratliff  57001  Borichu  Denovosibi  Causticwonder  Dirtybritch  TheRedInTheSky  Aewillia  Judyblumereference  Flocculus  El_day2  YourShoesUntied  Jeade-en  Kyle-Kranz  ItsReallyReallyTrue  Jangle_Bo_Jingles  RichieClare  sloworfast  RobotPettingZoo  Runwichi  Smruttkay  Sacamato  Kibitzor  Edge767  BrianOgilvie  Cromagnonized  c0me_at_me_br0  Some_Other_Sherman  Caitlionator  Ahf0913  Vermilionweirdo  NonReligiousPopette  JonnyHydra  LadyMasterChemist  Polgara19  Mamabear5678  Octopifungus  Barnaby_McFoo  Zazzera  DAHarlow  IamShartacus  Mayfest  Brotherbock  ThePsion  Zwingtip  JKrusas  Usho  TripleBogey25  GreatDeku  SheSaidGoodBye  LeastBadOption  Josandal  Docbad32  Mattack73  Tipsy_Topsy  SecretSexBot  TheReelKanyeWest  Anbu1538  Marximumrunner  OblongPlatypus  Beardedtrogon  TheOnlyCaveat  Stan_Leeway  RunningPT_Lauren  Chweris  Karmicbias  Miikermb  ThatServer  Runlowsky  Microthorpe  LittleEngineThatWill  Stretchy_Arms  BubblesAreMyGame  KoffeeKev  Lowblowlo  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????    ????????????  ATTENTION READERS!  I've been getting some more messages recently from a lot of people asking to be featured in the Friday Spotlight Thread. My response to them is the same every time. I do not get to personally choose who is chosen for each thread. With exception to Palindrome27 (which I randomly chose to get this started), every runner thus far has been selected by the person before them. It's one of the perks of getting nominated. There is no list of names. No spreadsheet with columns of people. Nothing. So for those confused, users like Philpips was chosen by Despoena. Despoena was chosen by Craigster38. So on and so on. You get the idea. Doing it this way eliminates the hassle of having to personally pick someone every week. This keeps me neutral. Some of you have expressed your opinion (via PM) on who's been featured this far claiming that I have only chosen runners who are fast, have been running for a while, or compete in longer distance races. Quite frankly, you're wrong. Just browse the table of previous athletes above and you'll see that a wide variety of runners have been on display. Being chosen is simply luck of the draw. There is zero favoritism here. Each featured runner gets to personally pick someone they find interesting. I apply no pressure to the runners to pick a particular skill level of runner. This is the beauty of the process. If you want to be featured, you can up your chances of being chosen by being an active member of the subreddit. Comment as much as possible. Submit quality content. Provide as much as you can as a runner to help keep this community growing and I'm certain your efforts will not go unnoticed. Just keep tuning in and making friends and eventually it'll pay off if you want to be featured. Thank you."
"Need help to learn how to recognize my episodes!  Advice  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  Need help to learn how to recognize my episodes!  Advice  I've been diagnosed with bipolar type 2 just recently so I'm still trying to figure this out!
 My T said I had an hypomaniac episode just a week ago and after a few days I felt ok but dear god now I'm feeling way more euphoric and full of energy! I'm not happy and elated as I feel when I'm hypomaniac, I'm extremely irritable, I have way TOO MUCH energy and I can't focus enough to use this energy into something so I'm here with my thoughts on fire half dissociated I think (I also have BPD and by the way some of the thoughts I have say ""hey you're making this up"" lol).
 During hypomania I usually enjoy music so much, while now I can't cause it feels too slow!
 Please any tips to help me recognize my episodes? I'm not on meds yet!"
"My biggest regret.  [Rant/Vent]  Close  33  Posted by  5 months ago  My biggest regret.  [Rant/Vent]  When i was between 9 and 12 i dont remember the exact time period cause i honestly try to block out most to all memories of my childhood but mom was fighting for custody for my sister and I from are Narcissistic sperm donor of a father.
 To point out my sister was the golden child and i was the scapegoat when it came to my dad's  narcissism.
 The custody battle went on for a year the whole time my father told us he would kill himself if my mom won imagine telling this to a child and how psychologically abusive &  manipulate this was.
 He would buy us toys & video games to try to buy are love and if my mom bought us something he then would would buy something bigger or better.
 If i even hinted that i wanted to live with my mom he would cave in my skull with a full powered punch i would basically get a concussion that would go untreated then he would strip my room of everything in it not even the fucking light bulb all i would have would be the bed with no pillows, blanket and sheets.
 The only way to get my things back was to cry say i loved him and would never leave him and curse my moms name by calling her a whore.
 Which was beyond fucked the worse thing is my mom never know about all the emotional, physical and psychological abuse thay my dad infected on my sister and i because he would use the the threat of suicide.
 If my mom asked why my face was bruised or other marks on my body from his blows i would lie to her saying i was fighting kids in the  neighborhood which did sometimes happen cause we were poor they would bully cause of it and had a tarp over half the side of the house cause dad liked to demolish the the duplex saying he was going to fix it for renovations but that was never the case. He just like ripping the place apart to the point were we had two bathrooms then just one with no walls around it just tarps for privacy.
 So back to the original point the year went by and my mom didnt win custody but at least we got to see her every weekend still. My biggest regret is i didnt stand up for my self at court hearing for custody and tell them how terrible my father was and i wanted to live with my mom.
 After that was over the abuse got worse and i turned into a literal emotional and physical punching bag for my  narcissist dad. If he had a bad day i would get beat, if my dad fought my Narcissist stepmom i would get beat, if i looked at him the wrong way or said something he didnt like i would be beat. Then all the emotional & psychological abuse from him calling me retarded,  saying i wont amount to anything, belittling my interests and dreams, calling me fat all the time and tons more toxic behavior.
 This went on for years till i finally had enough at 17 and begged my mom to take me in had to sneak all my stuff out of the house when they went out for the afternoon and had my mom come with a pick up truck.
 If i didnt sneak my stuff out and told my dad i was going live with my mom they wouldnt have let me leave with any of my things but the cloths my my back.
 Ive been no contact with my narcissist father and his family for years now and I'm so much happier without them. However the psychological scars & damage is done since then and with a lot of therapy and a trip to a psych ward I've been diagnosed with bipolar, depression, ptsd, and anxiety. I do the best i can and some days are brutal but i keep fighting thats all you can do is fight for a better tomorrow.
 Like i said I'm doing a lot better I have a mother & sister who love me to death and have amazing friends who care and understand why im a bit odd."
"I found this tonight and I am now both happy and very scared  RANT  Close  84  Posted by  23 days ago  I found this tonight and I am now both happy and very scared  RANT  I grew up with one parent who has severely hoarded since I was about 5 years old and another who survives/enables. There are countless layers to that story.
 I left many years ago and have never set foot in that space again once I realized how detrimental it was to my mental/physical health.
 I had tried for many years to address the issue and the effects with both parents to no avail, often losing contact for months at a time because of it.
 I am an only child. I am not close to my other relatives, partly because of the secret I always have had to keep, partly because of the dissonance sown by my hoarding parent, and partly due to some shame/animosity that they knew and let me live like that.
 I have been diagnosed with bipolar as an adult.
 I experienced a divorce last year. I have no children.
 I rarely speak to my family, but my divorce had softened my defenses and this quarantine has made me lonely and sentimental.
 My parents love me, but that love is both nourishing and toxic due to their mental health issues and my own.
 Finding this forum will be good for me, I think.
 It will not be easy for me to deal with the things I have denied and suppressed but it is ultimately healthy to deal with those issues, and I appreciate the existence of a space to meet others with similar experiences.
 Thanks."
Is this part of Bipolar?  Close  5  Posted by  5 months ago  Is this part of Bipolar?  Idk what psychosis is but I feel like this is what it was. I was at the supermarket with my boyfriend, and already was in the middle of an anxiety attack due to stress. I saw a guy with a normal warm black hat on...and I thought he was a robber or something and I saw it as a mask on his face. "He's gonna kill you. Run." My mind was screaming and laughing at the same time. Every time I looked at someone they were looking at me and talking. An elderly woman, in my head, said "Who are you to tell me what to do?" Another kid that shouted, I thought he said "Stop hurting me!" Just...everyone was an enemy...and then when we got outside there was a dog in a truck. That dog bark...when the bark got louder I felt it jumping on my back and just felt claws and just pictured his jaws snapping on me....finally...when we shut the door...I felt safe so...I was just left shaking....I felt like i was losing my mind. Is this a part of mania? My heartbeat was through the roof and I already felt hyped and almost crazy. I've been diagnosed with bipolar...but schizophrenia runs in my family and I'm mortified. Is this a part of bipolar disorder when things get a little too manic?
"My (29F) cousin (22F) is mean to me and I don't know how to handle it  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  My (29F) cousin (22F) is mean to me and I don't know how to handle it  Throw away for reasons. I don't want any of this linked to my real account
 TL;DR : I feel that my cousin talks back to me and I don't feel confortable with this. I don't know if I'm being oversensitive or if I have the right to feel this way.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 2 a few years ago. This means that I'm often in a deppressed mood, oversensitive or even suicidal, other times I'm mildy maniac and I laugh a lot do a lot of stuff or talk too much.
 I moved over seas several years ago and this year my cousin came to live with me. She was only 12 when I left home and we didn't talk much so we didn't have exactly a very close relationship, anyway I accepted her at my place and things were going good.
 I did realise that she tends to aswer me in a bad way when I ask her stuff. For instance, she works at a bar (I asked a friend to give her the job) but her schedule changes every week, so I'm not aware at the times she works and I ask often when she does work to plan around it, for exemple to go catch a movie. And she gets annoyed that I ask and start making comment as ""You should know already"" or ""I already told you"" but with an attitude. I let it slide most of the time but anyway I didn't like the way she talks to me because I consider that I don't talk to her that way and that I have my own businnes to take care of to learn her schedule.
 One day I was going to have a beer with some friends and I asked her if she was home or working to invite her, she replied ""I'm not gonna asnwer you that"" and I just said ""Ok"". The day after I adressed the subject that I didn't like the way she talks to me and she brused it off saying that I'm being over sensitive because I'm bipolar and depressed. I told her that I felt it wasn't the case the discussion escalated a little bit and she said that it was really hard for her to be living with a mentally disabled person. At this point I was really hurt and just left, she never apologized for saying this, she just said that I got on her nerves.
 Fast forward the holidays, while living alone I dind't celebrated and I did not mind much of it. She invited a friend (her ex) to my house (she told me that it would be 2 weeks) the guy is stayin until february. He's a nice guy and I have a laugh with him but I also don't like to have someone in my place (she doesn't pay rent). In NYE we went to a friend's house and it was going good except for her kind of shaming me every once in a while with some comment, I didn't think much of it but at some point it did got on my nerves so I asked her out and told her to stop, again she told me kind of annoyed that I was being oversensitive.
 It didn't mind much until we were on our way home and again she said something along the lines ""she can be so annoying, she wants to be right all the time"" because the guy said that every decade starts on the 1's and not on the 0's and I said it doesn't seem logical to me. So I just snapped and stopped talking at all. Yesterday I did not talk to her one word, I don't know what to tell her and I want them both out of my house, I want to be alone.
 Today she texted me that I was acting like a ""f**ing child"" and ""grow up"" already. I don't know how to address the subject or even if I want to, because I don't know if it is me and my depression or if it is really her
  
 Thank you"
"HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar)  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  HELP! I'm Confused -- By Myself (Content: Comorbidity? crossposted to r/bipolar)  Hey y'all,
 I'm exposing myself here, but I figure, here goes.
 I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I'm nervous that that's not what I have, or I may have something more than that.
 I've talked to myself ever since I can remember, coming up with 'characters' through which I go through life. At first this was just games and I'd make up little plays and games with these 'characters', but now I go through daily life talking through them, to myself. They have names. However, they're characteristics aren't different from my personality, they're not very different from each other; it feels like I'm the same person, just with different names that I used to talk to myself and work through my problems or my day. All the characteristics and everything add up to make up 'me.' I'm fully conscious of these 'characters,' don't have amnesia, no forgetfulness, don't really notice dissociation throughout the day.
 I also struggle with binge-eating at times, but never self-harmed or abused substances. I do have a history of trauma mostly shared with my family.
 I'm nervous that I may have traits related to BPD, DID, or C-PTSD. For anyone co-morbid, or who just have those disorders, how did you know? Has any of what I said resonated?"
ADHD and bipolar?  General Question  Close  4  Posted by  3 months ago  ADHD and bipolar?  General Question  So, I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for about a year and a half now, and I feel like it's a pretty good match for my condition. However my therapist is very adamant that I have ADHD instead. I have a family history of both, and I could definitely see how certain characteristics overlap.Anyway I'm not here looking for a diagnosis. I've been trying to find cases of both and was wondering if anyone here had any places I could start looking? Thank you guys so much in advance :)
"I’ve been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and I’m so relieved to finally have answers.  Close  30  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I’ve been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and I’m so relieved to finally have answers.  After a few years of considering that I’ve only ever been depressed I finally understand what is wrong with me. I’m reading through old journals and I can almost pin point each episode and determine whether it was mania or depression. I HAVE ANSWERS!
 My manic episodes  and then depression and sducidal gestures.  I finally understand. It’s a relief and scary. I joined the community about a week ago so I can understand my condition all the more."
I'm scared trolls... I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder  Close  1.3k  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  I'm scared trolls... I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder  i.imgur.com/cDFRmc...  99 comments  share  save  hide  report  96% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   316 points   ·    4 years ago  Nothing about YOU has changed. You just found out that you can improve your life (if you want to) and you are in control! You rock!
I want my family and my boyfriend to learn more about bipolar disorder since I’ve been diagnosed with bipolar 2. What are some good books or websites to share with them?  Close  6  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I want my family and my boyfriend to learn more about bipolar disorder since I’ve been diagnosed with bipolar 2. What are some good books or websites to share with them?  Basically everything in the title. I haven’t been doing great lately and it’s been taken out on my parents and boyfriend. Have been having more mixed episodes which suck, and then I’m drained and feel nothing. My parents have been getting not mad, but frustrated because they don’t understand. I try explaining to my parents but they don’t want to hear it sometimes which makes me feel like shit, and then my boyfriend doesn’t really understand the way I explain things. He isn’t as frustrated but I can just tell it affects him and I wish it didn’t.
"I feel like I have no control over my emotions and like I'm always in a crisis  Advice Received  Close  2  Posted by    Helper [3]    22 days ago  I feel like I have no control over my emotions and like I'm always in a crisis  Advice Received  Does anyone have advice for me? I have no way of obtaining therapy right now. I'm a 20 year old woman. The only times in my life I've been seriously happy were when I was 5 years old playing nintendo, when I was 13 smoking marijuana, when I was 17 when my ex was in love with me. I'm just literally always on the edge of having a mental breakdown and I have one every day. I have no friends and I talk to no one. My family always brushes me off and I just feel like I'm crazy and I need my ex back in my life, for him to call me and talk/laugh with me. I'm currently in college and for 10 hours a day I have intrusive thoughts like ""I don't matter, college doesn't matter, no one will ever love me"" and further on. I just lie in bed crying and feeling like I'm paralyzed, like I cannot do anything to fix anything. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and PTSD. I don't believe I have bipolar, I actually think I probably have borderline personality disorder like my mom. Whatever you can label my problems, I really just have no control over my emotions and I'm a very emotional mess with bad mood swings. I just wanna be happy alone, I just wanna feel calm, I just want to be normal.
  
 What Can I do? Does anyone relate? Any advice please.
 Edit: also a major thing for me is feeling like I absolutely cannot picture my future self. I can't picture myself having any type of career. I really cannot picture myself ever being happy or normal or okay. Since I can't picture it, I feel like there's no point in trying in the present."
[18F] I've lost 22 pounds in two months but why?  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   7 days ago  [18F] I've lost 22 pounds in two months but why?  18F and Asian, I've been diagnosed with bipolar II disorder, panic disorder and ADHD. I've recently made a switch on my medication from taking prozac (15mg) and  risperidone(1.5mg) to just taking vraylar (1.5mg). I'm currently not in a depressive episode neither a hypomanic episode I've been stable for about 5 months. Recently I've been having constant chest pain, head aches, a constant feeling of hunger although I do eat, thirst/dehydration although all I drink is water, my body is very fatigued and I feel shaky (maybe it's due to my ADHD medication, methylphenidate (18mg) but it shouldn't be as I've taken this for years). I was about 138 two months ago but currently I weigh 116, could it be weight loss due to the switch of my medication or could it be something more serious? I do not drink, smoke or do drugs.
