Data1-Value
"""If you give it a label, you make it worse than it is""  [Trigger Warning]  Close  88  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  ""If you give it a label, you make it worse than it is""  [Trigger Warning]  I was hoping some people could help me unpack this and understand what's going on.
 All my life, my mom has had an issue with me using accurate descriptors. She refers to them as ""labels"" and will aggressively shout me down, saying that I'm making issues seem worse than they are by calling them by specific words and that I'm purposely victimizing myself by doing so.
 For example, I have Seasonal Affective Disorder. I also have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, with episodes occurring sporadically throughout my life. These are facts. I've been diagnosed multiple times by several doctors. First of all, my mom believes that these things don't exist. She thinks the reason I get ""sad"" is because I'm ungrateful and don't have faith in God. So any time I mention that I'm feeling depressed (depression for me comes along with a very specific emotion of hopelessness and despair; it is very different from my Nmom's preferred word, ""sad"") she will scream at me for using the word ""depressed"" and get furious at me for ""making my problems worse"" because I keep using ""labels"" to victimize myself. Apparently, my mental health issues would go away if I would only stop using words to describe them.
 She also gets angry about me using labels to describe character traits of others. For example, my brother is a misogynist. I have a very deep hatred of him and have ended my relationship with him because he is so toxic to be around and thinks it's funny to trigger me (I've been physically assaulted in the past). I'm not allowed to call him a misogynist or sexist if I'm around my Nmom. She expects me to say that he ""has a different opinion"" on things. It's not an ""opinion"" to tell your sister she deserved to be attacked and should have been raped. But I'm not allowed to say anything negative about him, or use any words that accurately describe him.
 Speaking of being physically assaulted, when that happened, I was also expected to not have a reaction to it. I was not allowed to have a reaction to being sexually harassed at my job either. This wasn't about shame for my Nmom. She wasn't trying to tell me to keep quiet about it because she thought I deserved it or she was embarrassed or any shit like that. She told me not to talk about it because ""dwelling on it will only make it worse"" and if I pretend that it didn't happen, then it didn't happen. The think is, I never even got a chance to ""dwell"" on it. She literally told me to shut up ten minutes after it happened.
 I don't get why she's so hung up on this. It's been really damaging to never be able to accurately talk about anything because she's constantly trying to prevent me from using accurate language to describe anything that happens in my life."
"""Nodding"" while sober  Close  1  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  ""Nodding"" while sober  When I sleep in, at some point I'll wake up and go back to sleep again, but it's as if I'll go directly into REM sleep then wake up a few minutes later. Shortly thereafter I'll fall back asleep again. Rather than being restorative this process is exhausting so against my better judgment it tends to go on and on for hours.
 The dreams aren't especially vivid, but they are semi-lucid. I can frequently wish myself to continue a dream I woke up from or stop a bad one. During the dream I often have conscious thoughts like ""That painting doesn't look quite right, let me fix it"". If I think, ""This is a dream,"" I'll get tunnel vision like I'm passing out and the dream will disappear rather than jolting awake like I do from a normal dream - there's no sense of consciousness change.
 As I gather, this is quite similar to nodding with opioids except without any positive or euphoric bent.
 One thing that might be related is that I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder which is often associated with reduced REM latency and other sleep abnormalities:  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23391633 
 Anyone have anything similar or an explanation? Or is this something everyone gets?"
#1 Hearing voices & having visual hallucinations. Is this normal for someone with MDD? I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder & severe anxiety. I'm a little confused about why I got diagnosed with MDD because the only symptom I match from it is suicidal thoughts/suicidal ideation. But anyway, lately some weird things have been happening. I had my first auditory hallucination back in November. Thats when the weird things started happening. I began experiencing derealization almost all day every day. For the past few weeks I have heard a female voice whispering to me about random things. Theres another female voice who narrates what I do. For example, I was eating a sandwich. She would say "She picked up the sandwich. She took a bite. She dropped a piece of bacon from the sandwich. She picked up the bacon." This voice isn't particularly scary, but its rather annoying. The scary voice is a male. He commands me to do things(Which I barely ever do, because its usually very destructive things.), he gives me DETAILED gruesome ideas. And he also puts me down. The visual hallucinations are also distressing. For a few months i've been seeing bugs/spiders on the walls and floors. But they've been getting weirder. For example, a few nights ago I was walking to my upstairs hallway late at night. I saw something sitting in the hallway. It had HUGE eyes and it blinked once. I ran back downstairs, stood in the kitchen in shock for about 5 minutes, ran back to the hallway, and flicked the light on. I saw it was a pile of towels. But I hallucinated 2 big eyes on it, and it blinked. Last night I saw a shadow type thing of a woman turned to the side holding a knife. I actually thought someone was in my room. I was home alone at the time so I screamed and just stayed in place. I looked back about 20 seconds later and it wasn't there. Thats when I knew I hallucinated it. I'm very scared. Can someone please give me some advice on what I should do? I've brought it up to my counsellor AND my psychiatrist. They both said the same thing "Anxiety is a powerful thing." Does it sound like thats all it is?
#1 I was recently fired from a job that I loved because my mental health issues kept me away from work too often. I am currently in the process of fighting for my job with my union, and have an arbitration hearing soon. I have prepared a written statement to help plead my case. It's not finished yet and it needs editing, but I wanted to post it on here to gain some feedback. It's fairly lengthy and might not be too pleasant to read. But please, if you can spare the time, help me out by reading it and telling me what you think. Any feedback is appreciated. Thank you very much. I'm writing a statement because I know that I need to explain myself and my actions it's very hard for me to do. As my employers might be aware it's usually very difficult for me to speak about things like this without crying which is why I prepared a written statement instead. I hope that it will allow me to get across the things i should have been able to say a long time ago. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder with suicidal tendencies, and general anxiety disorder. I have suffered from these diseases since early childhood and have been receiving treatment since adolescence. It's difficult to explain what it's like living with these diseases to someone who does not know but I will try my best. Depression is complicated, especially when speaking to its cause. Science is still trying to figure it out. But we do know that in addition to environmental causes, risk factors for depression include actual physical differences in the brains of people affected with it. People with depression tend to have a smaller hippocampus, and lower concentration of not only certian neurotransmitters such as seratonin, but also certian neurons themselves. So this means that the brain cells responsible for managing mood not only find it harder to send their signals, there are also less of them to recieve the signals. The lower levels of brain chemicals like seratonin appear to make it more difficult for new brain cells to form, and make the paths between them harder to cross. Depression medication helps to slowly increase levels of seratonin by stopping its reuptake. This means that less seratonin is destroyed before use, but does not mean more is produced. studys suggest that people with depression produce less seratonin than those without. But still, with the right combination of medications, levels can begin to balance. But the brain cells still need to form to send and recieve signals, and this takes time as well. It isnt as simple as an asprin, the effects of which can be felt immediately. Once you finally find the right medications and get to the right dosage, it can take months for levels to balance, and months again to regrow the required brain cells. Anxiety and other mental illnesses are thought to have similar causes, just different brain chemicals. Finding the right medications is a trial all in its own. Since every brain is unique, medications that work well for some people may not work at all for others. There are many different medications for depression alone, even more when trying to treat other disorders too. Because of this, it can be extremely difficult to find the combination of medications that will actually help. It comes down to trial and error, and it is a slow process. In order to start feeling the effects of anti depressants, you have to work your way up to what is called the therapeutic dosage. You have to this slowly, over a course of months in small increments to allow a gradual shift in brain chemicals. A rapid shift can have very bad results. So imagine this; you get your new medicine. You spend a couple months working your way up to therapeutic dosage, then another few months there to see if it is working. It isnt. You then have to spend a few months weaning yourself back off that medication, only to start the process all over again with a new type. All you can do is hope that maybe this one will work. Maybe 3rd, 4th, 5th times the charm. On top of this, you have to deal with the side effects. Because of course, all medications have side effects. The side effects of most SSRIs, the most common type of anti depressant, can be grueling. They include but are not limited to; Drowsiness Nausea Dry mouth Insomnia Diarrhea Nervousness, agitation or restlessness Dizziness Sexual problems, such as reduced sexual desire or difficulty reaching orgasm or inability to maintain an erection (erectile dysfunction) Headache Blurred vision In some cases, anti depressants can even cause an increase in suicidal behaviour, especially when doses are missed or when weaning off a medication. Lets talk about a few of those side effects. Drowsiness and insomnia, nervousness, nausea and diarrhea, headaches. Not only are these some of the most felt side effects of anti depressants, they are also some of the symptoms of depression and anxiety. So in trying to make depression better, we have to suffer through worsened symptoms during treatment. So often the medication that is trying to help just makes it worse. Which is why its so hard to find the right medications and the right dosage. The balance where an increase in mood is worth the side effects. Its a difficult balance to achieve, and a dangerous one. But we have to try. Just as depression and anxiety can have actual physical causes, they too have actual symptoms. The brain chemicals out of balance are responsible for many bodily functions. Seratonin regulates mood, but is also responsible for regulating sleep, appetite and pain. People with anxiety and/or depression have been shown to have consistent increased levels of a stress horomone called CRH. This is responsible for the adrenal response in the body, causing spikes in heart rate and blood pressure as it triggers the bodys fight or flight response. Discounting the mental symptoms, the physical symptoms of depression include; Fatigue or exhaustion Insomnia or hypersomnia Physical pain, aches Changes in appetite Psychomotor empairment The physical symptoms of anxiety include; Stomach pain, nausea and digestive issues Headaches Insomnia Weakness and fatigue Sweating or chills Shaking Muscle tension and pain Rapid breathing or shortness of breath Increased heart rate and blood pressure Extreme anxiety, or panic attacks, can cause symptoms that are commonly mistaken for a heart attack such as; Heart palpitations Tingling and numbness Chest pain Difficulty breathing Dizzyness I want to elaborate on a few of these symptoms, starting with fatigue. The word fatigue doesnt even come close to describing the levels of exhaustion that come with mental illness. I dont know of a word that can. Mentally, emotionally and physically drained to the limits. This is a kind of fatigue that neither rest or sleep alleviate. It is constant. Not even a full nights good sleep can relieve the tiredness. And a full night's rest can difficult to achieve. Nothing i can say will properly describe the exhaustion that comes from constantly waging a war inside your mind. Even when you havent physically exerted yourself, when you've taken all the necessary steps for care and are well rested, you are exhausted beyond belief. It is so frustrating because you feel like you have no reason to be this tired, but you are. The medications often make it worse. And nothing you do fixes it. Another key symptom is the changes in appetite, nausea, stomach pains and digestive issues. Its a knot in your stomach, that feeling of dread. It makes you physically ill, throwing up. It causes indigestion, dirreaha, and heart burn. You can feel the pain of your stomach clenching, turning, bubbling. It becomes very difficult to eat, even when you know you are hungry. It hurts to eat. Sometimes the lack of appetite makes it so that you dont even feel the hunger. Not the growling tummy, nothing. No food makes your mouth water, nothing is appetizing. For days you might not feel the desire to eat. But still you know you have to, so you try. A few bites of your favourite food ever, and it turns disgusting in your mouth. Physically repulsive. You feel that if you eat any more you will start gagging and throw it back up. The medications often make it worse. And nothing you do fixes it. The final symptom i want to touch on is pain. Actual, physical pain. Many people dont realize that this is a symptom of depression and anxiety. Seratonin is responsible for pain relief. Dont produce enough, and you get no relief. It aches all over, like the aches you get when you have a bad flu. But all the time. In additon to that, and the stomach pains, stress causes muscles in the body to clench and tighten. You hold stress in your shoulders, back, jaw and neck. When anxiety causes a prolonged increase in stress hormones, these muscles clench and stay clenched. This causes muscle pains, fatigue, and reduced blood flow. Headaches, muscle spasms and pain. Crying too causes muscle cramping, sinus congestion and pain and tension headaches. Headaches so bad it feels as though your head will explode. The medications often make it worse. And nothing you do fixes it. All of these symptoms, combined with the side effects of medications, are bad enough. But honestly they pale in comparison to the symptoms that go unseen. Being inside the mind of someone with depression and anxiety is a very dark, ugly, confusing and terrifying place to be. These symptoms are the hardest to explain. It starts with sadness, but the word cannot explain the depth and profoundness of sadness a person with depression endures. It can come up slowly, building and building until you eventually burst. Or it can come on sudden and hit you like a truck. Sometimes you know why, an incident or memory, something sets it off. But the response is not proportionate to the cause. An emotional video, a sad song, a bad social encounter. Sometimes you have no idea why. You can be feeling just fine, having a great day, everything going well, and suddenly you are thrown into the darkest depths of despair. Im talking full on bawling your eyes out sobbing hysterically, and sometimes you dont know why. I cant tell you what thats like. Sometimes it is more subtle, a dull ache instead of a sharp pain. Like a cloud, looming over you. You dont cry, and you can mostly function. Sometimes you can even ignore it. But its there, weighing on you, dragging you down. Sometimes its not so much sadness, but emptyness. You feel nothing. Not good, not bad, just nothing. Nothing brings you happiness. Not your favourite food, book, movie, activity, animal or person. Nothing. You feel like a shell, a ghost. Nothing has meaning and it can be so difficult to force yourself to do the things you usually enjoy because you know it will bring you nothing. Some medications have this as the goal. You cant feel sad if you cant feel anything. That, to me, is worse than the sadness. Not being able to find any joy, or to feel anger. No excitement or surprise, not even fear. Just nothing, a void. It is hopelessness. You feel like nothing will ever change, like you will never get better. Medication after medication has failed, you've fought with everything you have left, and nothing is better. Some people never get better, and you start to lose hope that you ever will. You start to feel like there isnt even a point in trying. Like you should just give up, give in. Let it swallow you whole and devour you from the inside. You feel worthless, like a failure. Like you should be better than this, but you arent. The guilt worsens when it becomes harder to function, to do the simple things other people seem to be able to do with ease. Self loathing, hatred turned inwards. Feeling so frustrated with yourself because you feel like you should be doing better, you should able to fix this. Just toughen up, deal with it. It gets hard to deal with when your goal is just functioning. Not living, enjoying or thriving, but just simply functioning at minimum required levels. And you cant even manage to do that right. You feel like a burden, a failure, a drain on the people around you. Like everyone would be better off if you weren't around. Therein comes the thoughts of suicide and self harm. Like you'd be doing the world a favour. I cant tell you how many times ive felt this way.
#1 There's definitely something not right with me. Sociopath? Narcissist? Need advice. Hey all, I'm new to this, just thought I'd try find a solution as this is affecting my studies and my life in general. So I'm female, a 20 year old medical student finishing off my second year. I've been diagnosed with major depression and I suffer from anxiety as well, and have been on various antidepressants including ad-co peroxatine and fluoxetine, none of which have helped. Let me tell you a bit about myself. I've been an only child until 3 months ago when my brother was born to my single mother. I live with them, as well as my physically and verbally abusive grandfather and my grandmother. My mother has been emotionally absent for a good 3/4 of my life as she struggled with the abuse of codeine-based pain medication, and my grandmother basically raised me. My mother is also bulimic, and has a poor self esteem. I have never had a stable father figure. My mother's boyfriends have been abusive (she has two restraining orders) or have committed suicide and such. I've lived an extremely overprotected life. I was never allowed out of the house as a child, and the backyard was my sanctuary. To this day, as an intelligent 20 year old woman, my curfew is 7pm. As a child I frequently abused animals (once I found a baby bird and overfed it until it died, for entertainment. I also used to throw stones at our old dog's cancerous paw). I feel remorse for none of this. I know this is an early warning sign of psychopathy or of a possible sociopath. Because of my traumatic childhood, I think I might have suppressed all of my emotions. I no longer feel a sense of love, or joy, or even sadness. It perplexes me when people get excited or sad about something, and I have thus learned to mimic others in order to seem normal. I live for myself, and I'm extremely manipulative and I'm a pathological liar. I know this because my mother constantly confronts me about it. I love to cause fights over small things when I get bored because it's so amusing to see how worked up people can get. I mentioned my 3 month old brother. I have yet to interact with him or hold him. I don't feel the need to do so, and frankly, the little guy is a big annoyance to me. Another big thing is my lack of a sense of responsibility. Any wrong thing I do is always someone else fault. i can spin a story in such a way that it is believable, in order to pin the blame. People describe me as friendly but very quiet. Basically, I need advice. I've had to take months off at a time from studying as my studies have been affected by this. Will I be able to work in the medical field one day if I indeed am a narcissist or sociopath? Is there such a thing as a self-aware sociopath? Thank you all.
#1 Well if I can get it all out... I'm 32, single. I've been diagnosed with major depression recurrent a few years ago. Currently on no meds. I've been to therapy, ended up having feelings for my therapist, she was attractive and the type of therapy didn't help. I stopped seeing her after a few years when I told her I was thinking of her. I tend to get stuck on women. When I was 13 or so it all started. I think something didn't process right and from there it's been down hill. I've liked numerous women, all of them I've tried to have relationships with and all of them said no and immediately stopped talking to me. From age 13 to 32. I live alone now and very depressed. Each time it happens it's hurting more and more to the point I'm tired of people coming in to my life just for me to care about them and they leave. I've also had cancer when i was 22, testicular. Parents got divorced, I lost friends. Right now I have zero. Tonight I've cried 3 times and I've thought about...ending it...for a few minutes. I feel hopeless and stuck in a rut that will never end. Things are going to get worse is all I can think. I can't take worse as I'm barely holding it together now. Doctors I don't trust anymore to help me. Therapy I don't know about either. I just want to yell at the world so it notices that I'm really struggling.
"(M22) My long term girlfriend’s (F22) parents both died of cancer within a month of each other  Close  104  Posted by  2 months ago  (M22) My long term girlfriend’s (F22) parents both died of cancer within a month of each other  Anyone who reads all of this, thank you for taking the time. I appreciate you.
 We have been together for years, and we truly love each other. But this has been a very difficult time for us, especially for her and her brothers (17, 15). When they both passed in October/November, we had to work on moving out of our apartment and into her parents house to be there to take care of her brothers.
 She is in so much grief. I noticed she is very very gradually getting better, but I know that it will always stick with her. I’ve done a lot to research grief and trauma of someone losing their parents. I’ve read a lot how it affects relationships immensely. Things have been very tough, and it really breaks my heart that this happened to them and I want to be able to do whatever I can to support her and her brothers.
 Ever since it happened she has been different, of course. I understand that this is a huge impact on her emotions, causing her to have different behaviors. She even told me that she is a different person now. She was distant for a while, and she had thoughts about breaking up. When we had talked about it, she said she definitely still loves me and she said that she sees herself having a family and growing old with me. It still confuses me because I can tell she is very torn and undecided, though I know she meant it when she said she sees us always being together. While the both of us have hurt each other a few times through our past, we’ve always stuck together. I’ve definitely made some mistakes in our relationship, being a young American male who is still growing up and learning how to be a great partner. I have never cheated though, just made some poor decisions that affected the relationship a few times since we fell in love young and are growing and learning together. I truly do love her, and know that I do, so I do what I can to improve myself for her and grow to be a better person. I have been making great progress with that. I will never give up, and I will always do what it takes to make improvements in myself to strengthen our relationship. I do fear that sometimes I may not be giving her enough space, because she has said she really needs that now. I do give her the space when she needs it, but man I just really care about her and her losses and her wellbeing and I just want to make sure that she is always doing okay!
 I work a lot of hours, but when I am home I always use my time to check in on her. I always ask how her day went, I listen to her, I always tell her she is right and I make sure not to criticize or question what she says. She speaks, and I listen and support it. I read that when a woman loses her parents, one of the best things you can do for her is the housework, so she doesn’t have to worry about those little things and can take more time for herself. When I can, I do things around the house like take care of the garbage or do the dishes or clean the counters or any other house work that I see needs to be done. (I know, that’s something I should do anyway) I’m still finding out where everything goes in their house, or else I would clean a lot more things. I offer to, but she tells me that she would rather clean certain rooms or cupboards so she can organize it how she wants.
 I always sucked at buying gifts and getting them on time, but this Valentine’s Day, I used the holiday as an excuse to get her nice things that would make her feel loved and appreciated, rather than just a card and flowers. I really enjoyed doing this (not that I’ve never gotten her gifts before or anything), but I realized that somewhere along the road I had stopped caring about giving gifts after being together so long. I think I had started taking the relationship for granted, and I realized I can never do that and should always be grateful to have her in my life. I went all out this year. I got her some shoes she really wanted, I got her a Nintendo switch lite because she has been talking about how she really wants one. I even used my entire $100 GameStop gift card my parents got me for Christmas to buy that for her because I wanted to use it on her more than myself. I thought it would be nice for her so she can have a little fun distraction every once in a while from all the stress going on in her life now. She plays it about an hour a day. I made her a card that is just a long list of things I love about her, as well as a bunch of other gifts. She fought tears a little when I gave it all to her, and she was very grateful. It made me so happy to do that for her. She even posted about it and told everyone how it made her so happy and that she loves the person I am becoming, and that she is so grateful that I have seen her at her absolute worst and still stuck with her. This was very nice because it’s been a while since she has posted anything about me. Anyway, we had a great night, and she hasn’t been distant after that. She allows me in her space again, and she lets me touch her again. I always text her on my work break and we talk to each other about what’s going on. It really seems like it’s getting better. We are still adjusting to this new life though, living in this house now and taking care of her brothers and all.
 She has always been very quick to react emotionally. She gets angry a lot, and I always feel like it is my fault. I do not understand all of what it is I do that angers her, but I’m very focused now on identifying what triggers her so I can avoid it. She has always had a funny way of kidding around, but I’ve known her for a while and I can tell when she is joking and when it comes from a place of intent. Lately, she has been kind of friendly picking on me more than usual but she calls me names that she finds humorous but I find slightly hurtful. When I look sad after she calls me something, she immediately knows what she did but asks what happened and why it hurt me. I really do understand she’s kidding, and know she’s been through a lot of trauma and is trying to cope, so I usually just laugh and take it.
 This paragraph is going to be kind of dumb. She has always fantasized a lot about her fave musical artists and comedians and celebrities. She has always been very into pop culture and she knows the names of sooo many actors and she knows so many artists and bands. She always talks about some of her favorite celebrities, and then talks about how she wants to marry them or have their baby or how they’re the most beautiful person in the world, etc. It’s just the way she talks about her favorite icons. She is really into this new musical artist, and she always talks about how she wishes they would top her and how all she wants is them. She just went to this artists concert this weekend, and she got to meet them and get a good picture with them and everything and she had an incredible night. She kept me updated throughout her night. When she got to meet them she sent me the picture and I replied really excited and told her how it’s so awesome and how I’m so happy for her, I feel like that is the right and best thing to do. Then she said it’s her and her baby daddy and I didn’t reply until she texted me something else because I just wanted to say that they are not and that it makes me feel bad when she says things like that. I know it’s me projecting, but I know that if I did say that she would be like, “Are you serious. Ughhhhh!!” And it would’ve caused a fight. I know that this is just my insecurities and me being sensitive, and it shouldn’t actually make me feel bad. It still makes me feel bad though because I want her to just want me and not talk about other people like that, but that’s not right because it is selfish of me to want her to not like anyone else more than me. I understand it is just jealousy and insecurities, and I’m working on getting over that.
 Just earlier, I mentioned how I finally decided I want to go back to school at the community college this fall. She has planned to go back to school as well. After I mentioned it, her mood and tone slightly changed. She said that it’s what she has planned to do for a while, and that we couldn’t do it at the same time. I asked why, and she started to talk but had to think a little before she said that we both can’t be gone all the time. I asked why again and she just exaggerated a sigh. I asked if it’s because she doesn’t want me to go to the school too, (or something like that) and she got angry at that. I immediately understood I shouldn’t have said that because I think I pretty much accused her of not wanting me to be at the school while she is there. She denied that, and said that we can’t both be gone from the house all the time. I said I’m pretty much gone all the time anyway because of work. She continued to be irritated with me. She said that someone has to be able to give her brother rides when he needs them, for school and for his musical rehearsals and other things. With my work schedule, I am never available to give him rides already. So I am confused because if I’m always gone for work and she is going to go to school and be gone all the time, then how would that work? I asked her that, and she just said, “Whatever dude, I’m so tired I’m just going to sleep now.” I was quiet for a few moments and I got up and left the room for a while because I didn’t want anything to escalate and I thought it would be best to give her space. I understand that this is only my perspective of this conflict, but I don’t know if I am wrong or not. When I came back she was already asleep, so I couldn’t tell her I apologize. So I texted her, “I am sorry for making you mad. I love you.” Because I don’t want any conflicts to be left hanging and build any resentment.
 All of this is very difficult. We love each other and are invested in one another, but the trauma and grief has caused a lot of conflicts and I just want to know the best ways to approach her and communicate with her. I made an appointment to start to go to therapy now. I go in two days. She told me she is happy for me and proud of me for making that decision, because I have been diagnosed with major depression years ago, and have always had a very hard time struggling with my depression. Also, with my relationship being tense at the moment, I thought this could help me with these problems I am having now, so I can make things better for myself and for her.
 I don’t know how to wrap this up, but I have said enough to give an understanding of what’s happening. If anyone wants more info to give more insight, you may ask."
"(OH) I think I am a danger to myself but do not want to jeopardize custody  Custody Divorce and Family  Close  20  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  (OH) I think I am a danger to myself but do not want to jeopardize custody  Custody Divorce and Family  First time posting here, using an alt. Background: I am an adult and live in Ohio. I have been diagnosed with Major Depression 4 months ago and am in the process of finding meds that work for me. Lately I have been self-harming and have increasingly worse suicidal thoughts.
 I'm not sure, but I thought if you told a Dr. you have suicidal thoughts they're legally obligated to either send you to the hospital/inform police. I do not know if an inpatient setting is what I need but that's off topic.
 I am a single parent of a toddler. My name is the only one of the birth certificate. The biological father is a drug addict/felon and not in either of our lives, however my concern is this. If I were to tell my doctor about my suicidal thoughts and subsequently was admitted to a hospital, could the bio father (if he became aware) come out of the woodwork to try for custody? Would my child be placed in the custody of my closest relative (my mother) or be taken by the state? I am only a danger to myself. I have no violent/negative thoughts about my child.
 I hope I did this right. Thank you."
"*** PAID RESEARCH PARTICIPATION ***  Research  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  *** PAID RESEARCH PARTICIPATION ***  Research  We are looking for people (18+ y/o) from the UK who have been diagnosed with  MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER  and who use their smartphones regularly to participate in our project on prosociality and well-being.
 Taking part consists of completing some questionnaires at the start of the study (~30 minutes). Thereafter, participants are required to answer a number of short questions 3 times a day over 28 days (~1-3 minutes each time) on their own smartphone.
 As a token of appreciation, participants will receive up to  £35  in Amazon vouchers.
 If you are interested in taking part, please send an email to  prosociality@hope.ac.uk   with the reference  “Study A2” ."
"*Question* Anti-D’s and anxiety  Close  3  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  *Question* Anti-D’s and anxiety  Hallo everyone.
 I’m mid twenties and have been diagnosed with Major depression, Anxiety and ADHD (was around 2014/5).
 Currently on; Venlor 250mg Miradep 30mg Espiride 50mg (as needed) Concerta 72mg
 Truvalin was recently removed, and venlor was reduced.
 My question is, for those on similar medication or situations, do you feel that the medications has increased your anxiety? I’ve always been anxious, especially in social settings, but thinking back, it was never really this bad. (Also have to up my intake of espiride because the normal dosage doesn’t always work).
 Also to note, I’ve been to a psych ward twice (2 - 3 week stints). Various different medications were tested. The ones that worked work only barely.
 Anyway. Thank you for getting this far. I hope for the best for each and everyone. Stay strong
 ;"
"....as if it wasnt ruined enough!
 I am diagnosed with clinical depression, and these black jacket shits are like ""I am in a bad mood for a day or two, I'm depressed.""
 Like, bitch, you aren't"
"/r/AskHR, I need help. I fucked up. How do I professionally handle the situation without disclosing my mental health and maintaining personal dignity?  Close  10  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  /r/AskHR, I need help. I fucked up. How do I professionally handle the situation without disclosing my mental health and maintaining personal dignity?  TO ANY FUTURE PERSON reading this who is in a similar situation, reach out!   Everything will be okay. There are good people who care about you.  First step! Just reach out to anyone who could help, starting with HR (I reached out by emailing my direct supervisor that I needed to talk to HR and had a medical condition). If I can come back from this, I promise you can come back from what your going through. Depression and anxiety will tell you things about yourself, about what people think about you, that are totally untrue lies, please remember that and be kind to yourself. (Even though I no-showed for 1 week, when I opened up about my medical condition, I was able to get help... I mean, if I can recover from that, I believe you can handle your situation, too.) Just take the first step to reach out, even if you're scared. It's okay to be scared, because what you're dealing with is an insanely debilitating medical disability that takes God-like strength to manage. Don't manage it alone.
 To anyone who downvoted, if anything advice written in my update is incorrect, please correct it in the comments.  Please keep in mind before downvoting that for anyone who might be going through something similar, this could help them as an example of what to do next and get help or just to feel less alone. If my experience helps anyone feel less alone, if this makes them feel like the stigma against mental illness is not as bad as they thought, then my experience with the cyclic nightmare caused by recurrent, severe Major Depressive Disorder isn't senseless.
 What does Major Depressive Disorder have to do with Reddit?  I recommend you read depression facts in Neil DeGrasse Tyson's Cosmos voice, humor is one of the best coping skills!  Depression Fun Facts  A co-founder of Reddit lost his life to Major Depressive Disorder  (probably triggered by his legal situation), what amazing technology are we missing out on now?
    Redditors who are victims of suicide  who reach out on Reddit at some point before has precedent. Tragically, Leelah took her life 1 month after posting. Try to upvote posts of people who urgently need help. You might save a life
   How many Redditors deal with depression? With 36 million accounts, 2.4 million users had or will have an episode this year, but what about the lurkers? By the end of the year, 162 million unique visitors on Reddit will experience an episode
    Sources:
  6.7% of adults have an episode of MDD every year 
  Reddit User Stats 
   
 How HR Saved the Day  Thank you everyone who took the time to comment! You are a fucking good person, please always reach out to anyone you see or even think is struggling with depression, remember that you helped a random stranger by taking 1 minute from a freaking Reddit comment. Medical, major depression causes delusions of worthlessness, paranoia, and point-of-fuck-up-beyond-return-incorrect thinking.   The point-of-no-return thinking is really dangerous for depressed people, the signs are easy to miss, this type of thinking that is what makes depressed people actually take action to self-harm or kill themselves.   I had stopped talking to my friends and coworkers, wasn't answering their calls, because I was convinced I shouldn't and had fucked up beyond repair. Everything turned out okay. I talked to HR and my boss's boss today, and they were both extremely understanding and supportive. I told the point of contact in HR for disability accommodation requests in confidence that I had Major Depressive Disorder and was having difficulty. Afterwards, I told my top level boss in private that I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and that is what was going on. Even though I was terrified of telling him and HR, even though I thought I had fucked myself over and was fucking up more by telling work I had ""mental problems"", they couldn't have been more understanding and just wanted to make sure I was okay. I cried because I was overwhelmed with how accepting they were about it, even though I was expecting discipline and no understanding...
  
 Original Post   Last week, I needed a week off from work due to medical reasons, related to Major Depressive Disorder, a severe anxiety disorder, and attention deficit disorder. I thought that I had sent an email to the people I needed to, but I think the email I sent from my personal account at home got caught in the spam filter or something. Apparently, people were freaking out all week wondering if I was okay. Multiple coworkers and my boss's boss tried calling my personal cell phone to reach me.
 Due to my mental health issues I guess, I was not thinking too clearly, and I was avoiding my cell phone and going outside because I was having panic attacks at the drop of a hat. It's not an excuse, but I wasn't thinking clearly. In retrospect, I should have powered through and made sure that they had gotten my email instead of falling off the face of the planet. The only thing my coworkers know is that I've said I have ADHD, so I'm sure I just look like a jerk or worse, they might assume I'm a drug addict or alcoholic or something.   How do I professionally handle this situation?
 P.S. I am also asking HR for reasonable accommodations, mainly I want to explain I have a documented medical disability, and having a flexible schedule is very helpful to me. That's another question I might make a separate post for, but I also am not sure what to say to HR.
  9 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   4 points   ·    4 years ago  If you are in the US and have been employed in your position for >1 year, request FMLA paperwork from your HR department. For more information Google FMLA, there are a ton of resources available to learn about it."
"[Advice] I'm trying so hard, but I still feel like I'm drowning. I need help.  Advice  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  [Advice] I'm trying so hard, but I still feel like I'm drowning. I need help.  Advice  The basics: I'm a divorced mom of 2 (5 year old son and 1 year old daughter), in a committed relationship with my daughter's father,  divorced from my son's dad. I am 25 years old, I work full time in a warehouse, I have supportive family and friends.
 The backstory: [tw galore; rape, sexual assault, domestic violence, drug use, medical problems, mental illness, suicide attempt, pregnancy]
 I have diagnosed ptsd from being raped at 12 and 14. I also have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. I've been in and out of treatment since I was 15 years old. Name a psychotropic medication and I've probably been on it. I attempted suicide several times between the ages of 14 and 18. My parents were divorced, my mom was very lenient, my father was extremely strict. I rebelled, hard. In
 I did many, many recreational drugs. I had relationships with several men who I now know were using me and were at least borderline pedophilic, and definitely predatory (I was 16 dating a 25 year old, which just makes my skin crawl now). I met my ex husband through these people i considered my friends. We moved in together, I got pregnant with my son, and we got married shortly after he was born.
 The emotional and mental abuse started when we moved in together. The physical abuse started on October 21st, 2013. A week after our marriage. He gave me a black eye for spending too much on groceries. He isolated me from my friends and family. He discouraged actual help from health professionals and encouraged my recreational drug use to the point I developed a full blown opiate addiction alongside his addiction. I finally successfully left him after he broke my ribs. He had cheated on me several times and there were times i had to hide from him.
 I let him be the primary residential parent for our son because I thought i was unfit. I weighed 78 lbs at 4'10"" tall at 21 because my priorities were to pay bills, feed the kids (my son, and my ex's older son who lived with us), get my ex drugs, feed him, then i could eat. I only had a few months sober under my belt and was terrified.
 I developed endometriosis not long after i left him. I fell into severe depression. I didn't work, eat, I just slept and watched tv. My new boyfriend enabled me because he wanted a housewife. I left him after he cheated on me.
 Fast forward to now. After living with my mom or couch hopping for almost 2 years, I'm finally renting a beautiful house in a wonderful neighborhood. I moved in with my boyfriend, who I'll call Clay, after we found out i was pregnant with my daughter.
 That pregnancy, even so quickly after first meeting Clay, is the best thing that's ever happened to me. We went from meeting each other in February, to living together in July. Our daughter, while a surprise, was wanted and is loved.
 I'm finally a person I should be proud of. My house is clean. We have three bedrooms, plus a utility room that doubles as a guest room. I teach piano. I'm playing ukulele and working on an album. We have smoke detectors, a carbon monoxide detector, fire extinguishers. There's plenty of food in the fridge and cupboard. We have a big backyard, fenced in with a swing set.
 I'm on antidepressants. I'm on a non narcotic anxiety medication. I work, full time. I have health insurance and dental, for me and the kids. My boyfriend loves me. My brother hit a really rough time in his life, and we were able to take him in. I'm fighting for my son, standing up to his father, finally.
 And i feel like I'm drowning. I'm not numb, or apathetic, but nothing fills me with joy anymore. I feel the strongest love for my children, but it just makes me sad. I do everything I'm supposed to do. I clean the house, I cook, I work, I do yoga, I'm one week and three days off of cigarettes, I'm addiction free (I drink every now and then, and I'm a huge advocate for legal marijuana but I'm in an illegal state so it's off limits for me now, and when I've been prescribed opiates I take them as prescribed and as directed.)
 I'm trying so hard and I can barely keep my head above water. I'm so lost. I want to be better, I want to keep being better and getting better. I'm just lost. And i have no idea what to do next, besides keep going.
 Editing to add: i thought since my son was a boy and a child, he'd be safe with my ex. Which was delusional of me. He's told me of his dad hitting him, spanking him, using a belt, and of screaming. He reeks of smoke all the time and I'm pretty sure his dad is selling drugs out of their house. His dad refuses to get him evaluated for ADHD or put him in therapy despite his school asking for it. My son is on my health insurance and despite that he won't take my son to the doctor; he had a chest infection last winter for weeks before i finally took him to urgent care despite his dad saying it was just allergies. I have a wonderful lawyer, and our second court date is Monday."
"[Advice] Major depressive shift worker seeking tips or tricks for better sleep  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  [Advice] Major depressive shift worker seeking tips or tricks for better sleep  Hi all, Some background for context Im a 28 year old female who works full time shift work (10 hour shifts anywhere between 8am and 10pm) with people with developmental disabilities.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder recurrent and generalized anxiety (since 2012ish) and I have been medicated since my diagnosis. While I am open to and have considered weaning myself off my meds (once I discuss with my doctor) I don't think I am quite there yet.
 I am well aware healthy habits especially for depression include a balanced lifestyle (nutrition, exercise, sleep etc.) And while I do very much try to do my best (whatever that may be on any given day) lately I've been struggling more with my sleep.
 Today I read a story from  u/duyenla257  about their battle with waking up early. I would love to be able to have a set routine (sleep by 11pm and up at 7am) but not only does it take me upwards of 30 minutes to fall asleep, I struggle to get out of bed unless I have work or an appointment (instead I will sleep in as long as I can). I'm a very restless sleeper. I've done enough research to know that this could be a side effect of my meds (more lethargic and poor sleep quality) but it has been the only med I have had significant success with managing my depression/anxiety (alternate meds made me paranoid and caused more self harm thoughts).
 Working out and a shower before bed can help ease some of the anxiety and I often listen to YouTube medition videos or use fragrentheart.com (which has a excellent audio guided meditions) but I'm finding my usual coping strategies aren't working and I'm almost scared (for no logical purpose) to sleep. This obviously impacts waking up.
 I have tried melatonin (1.5mg or half a 3mg tab) knocks me out but then I struggle even more to wake up and am groggy throughout the day.
 I'm just wondering if anyone out there as any other suggestions for improving sleep quality or if any one else struggles with side effects of meds and how they manage to cope."
"[Canada] (C)PTSD, BPD, Depression - Eligibility and Access  Access  Close  4  Posted by  2 months ago  [Canada] (C)PTSD, BPD, Depression - Eligibility and Access  Access  Hey reddit. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and am in the process of being diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and (possibly complex) PTSD. I'm 17 (turning 18 this year) and live in Saskatchewan, Canada.
 I was wondering if, first off, I am eligible for a service animal? I frequently have trouble functioning in public and believe it would be beneficial for me to have a trained companion to make this more manageable.
 Second, how would I access this? Are there any particular programs that work with this (especially ptsd for civilians). Are there any programs that could accommodate people with financial struggles?
 I don't plan on getting one until I'm around 18/19, if I can. Thank you in advance!"
"[L] [27] [F] Help me?  Looking  Close  7  Posted by  3 months ago  [L] [27] [F] Help me?  Looking  I need help. I lost my job almost a month ago due to lack of work. Since then, my days have consisted of waking up, showering, eating something (maybe), applying, watching tv, eating, then going to bed. I have gotten more and more depressed as the days go on. I hardly want to get out of bed anymore. When I eat, if I eat, my stomach yells at me later. I don't want to move. Let alone, clean. But that just makes me feel worse about myself. I want a job. Badly. I'm trying to get back into animal rescue but haven't heard anything yet.
 I have been diagnosed with major depression on multiple occasions before. I have been wanting to go and talk to my therapist but I switched insurance and my cards haven't come yet and the company says we aren't allowed to print them out. I feel myself spiraling. I have been admitted to a psych hospital once in hs, and almost had it happen again about a year ago.
 I feel like crap. I want to go to the gym, get in shape (I'm curvy and slightly overweight), eat better, and bring up my motivation. But it just feels like I'm stuck in the bottom of a well with no way to get out. I need help. I don't know where to start."
"[More information] Skin picking, nail peeling, etc  Close  3  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  [More information] Skin picking, nail peeling, etc  Hello all,
 Thanks for stopping by to read this. I would like to know more about the spectrum of OCD, and if you guys can provide me more information, and more importantly personal experience, that would be awesome!
 I have been diagnosed with Major depressive disorder 5 years ago. As you all would understand, sleeping is an issue for us. Recently I have been prescribed with Armodafinil, a medication for wakefulness (usually prescribed for narcolepsy, sleep disorders). Since taking this, skin picking has been aggravating (I had this before armodafinil).
 A few habits that have been taking a toll on my skin:
 - Picking toenails and skin around it.
 - Scab picking on a wound at my scalp
 - Expressing the glands on my breasts
 - This is by far the biggest concern and has caused me lots of pain. The need to remove underarm hair, both above skin and ingrown. I have been using tweezers to pull my underarm hair since puberty. This has aggravated to the extent of bleeding, stinging pain. I desperately scratch till the ingrown hair surfaces. If I cant get it out, I will do anything, to get it out.
 I have spoken to my psychiatrist, as of now we cannot do anything because I have a thesis due soon. He doesn't want to interfere with my current medications im taking. We do not want to label it as a form of OCD as yet, we agree to wait to see what will happen, since aggravation has just started a couple months ago
 Few questions to everyone experiencing this:
   Do you know why you are doing it? Because I don't. I just desperately want to do it.
   Do you have anything you use to control/prevent yourself from harm?
   Do you find the need to tell people that you are suffering from CSP?
   Thanks for reading this long essay. But I am in need of help, information, advice, opinion. I have never spoken to anyone suffering from OCD before. I want to know more."
"[More information] Skin picking, toenail peeling, etc  Need Advice  Close  1  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  [More information] Skin picking, toenail peeling, etc  Need Advice  Hello all,
 Thanks for stopping by to read this. I would like to know more about the spectrum of OCD, and if you guys can provide me more information, and more importantly personal experience, that would be awesome!
 I have been diagnosed with Major depressive disorder 5 years ago. As you all would understand, sleeping is an issue for us. Recently I have been prescribed with Armodafinil, a medication for wakefulness (usually prescribed for narcolepsy, sleep disorders). Since taking this, skin picking has been aggravating (I had this before armodafinil).
 A few habits that have been taking a toll on my skin:
 - Picking toenails and skin around it
 - Scab picking on a wound at my scalp
 - Expressing the glands on my breasts
 - This is by far the biggest concern and has caused me lots of pain. The need to remove underarm hair, both above skin and ingrown. I have been using tweezers to pull my underarm hair since puberty. This has aggravated to the extent of bleeding, stinging pain. I desperately scratch till the ingrown hair surfaces. If I cant get it out, I will do anything, to get it out.
 I have spoken to my psychiatrist, as of now we cannot do anything because I have a thesis due soon. He doesn't want to interfere with my current medications im taking. We do not want to label it as a form of OCD as yet, we agree to wait to see what will happen, since aggravation has just started a couple months ago
 Few questions to everyone experiencing this:
   Do you know why you are doing it? Because I don't. I just desperately want to do it.
   Do you have anything you use to control/prevent yourself from harm?
   Do you find the need to tell people that you are suffering from CSP?
   Thanks for reading this long essay. But I am in need of help, information, advice, opinion. I have never spoken to anyone suffering from OCD before. I want to know more."
"[MTF][30] Broken, in a red state, looking for a big sis, lil sis, mom, anyone who cares!  Close  17  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  [MTF][30] Broken, in a red state, looking for a big sis, lil sis, mom, anyone who cares!  Hi folks. I'm a pre-everything, constantly self-doubting girl living deep in a red state with almost no IRL support. I have one friend who I'm out to, but they are quite cis so I don't feel very comfortable talking to them about gender stuff. I've tried my best to find support groups and others IRL who I can talk to, but I haven't been able to so far. I don't really have a large social network so I really have no one else to turn to...
 Fair warning and full disclosure, I am not mentally well and have been diagnosed with major depression, general anxiety, social anxiety, and borderline personality disorder. I understand the aversion to offering help to someone with BPD, so I have no qualms with setting some ground rules for when we can communicate, what we can talk about, etc. I'm not trying to scare anyone or freak anyone out. I'm just really lost and alone and could use a little encouragement. I currently am in therapy and taking medications, though my psychiatrist is not aware of my gender issues.
 I know that I am a ball of chaotic energy and hard to handle... I feel like the old, mean looking cat at the adoption center that's missing one eye and no one wants to take home cause she bites everyone who tries to touch her. I will try my very best to respect boundaries as I fully understand I have a lot of issues that make dealing with me frustrating. I just wanted that to be up and front so that there are no surprises.
 Would love to chat about anything, makeup tips, mental health, fashion, music, outdoors, animals, cooking, etc. Sorry for the sappy post, I just wanted to be open about what you can expect with me."
"[OFFER] Advice and/or moral support  OFFER  Close  20  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  [OFFER] Advice and/or moral support  OFFER  I don't have the financial means to help anyone, including myself currently, but I have lived a rather colorful life and through that have a lot of experiences to share. I can offer advice/support for anyone in an abusive situation, anyone needing/thinking about/having an abortion, anyone whose had a miscarriage, divorce, moving somewhere unfamiliar or without money. I've lived in a dozen states, I've raised 3 children and cared for dozens more, volunteered in shelters for victims of domestic violence and rape. I've survived 2 stalkers, and being raped, an abusive relationship, moving to Alaska with $400 to our name when we left to drive up there. I was married 20 years, had 6 miscarriages in which I lost 7 babies, since the last was twins. I survived hyperemesis gravidarum, which caused me to vomit around the clock every day of my pregnancies, and lost 67 lbs in the first as well as fracture 3 ribs, develop ulcers, etc. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, PTSD, OCD, and severe anxiety.
 I tell you these things not for sympathy or attention, but because if any of the things I've lived through can help someone else in a similar situation, I want to help."
"[OFFER] Advice and/or moral support/shoulder  OFFER  Close  14  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  [OFFER] Advice and/or moral support/shoulder  OFFER  I posted this before and got a quite a few responses and I hope it helped. I was told I did, so I thought I'd post again for those who missed it before. As always feel free to pm me if you're not comfortable posting it here; most of the responses I've gotten have been in private messages.
 I am in a bad way, and rather than fall into despair with my own problems, I would like to instead direct some of my energy to helping someone else. I don't have the financial means to help anyone, including myself currently, but I have lived a rather colorful life and through that have a lot of experiences to share. I can offer advice/support for anyone in an abusive situation, anyone needing/thinking about/having an abortion, anyone whose had a miscarriage, divorce, moving somewhere unfamiliar or without money. I've lived in a dozen states, I've raised 3 children and cared for dozens more, volunteered in shelters for victims of domestic violence and rape. I've survived 2 stalkers, and being raped so violently I was hospitalized for 9 days. I've live through an abusive relationship, moving to Alaska with $400 to our name when we left to drive up there. I was married 20 years, had 6 miscarriages in which I lost 7 babies, since the last was twins. I survived hyperemesis gravidarum, which caused me to vomit around the clock every day of my pregnancies, and lost 67 lbs in the first as well as fracture 3 ribs, develop ulcers, etc. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, PTSD, OCD, and severe anxiety. I'm familiar with chronic illness, as I have pernicious anemia. I am currently caring for my parents, as my dad is in very ill health (heart is operating at 27%), and I've also cared for my grandmother before she passed. I have started over in my life with nothing more times than I can count and lost everything I owned more than once.
 I tell you all of these things not for sympathy or attention, but because if any of the things I've lived through can help someone else in a similar situation, I want to help. I also tell you these things because it is important to know that things like this, though overwhelming and devastating in the time they're happening, are survivable."
"[OFFER] Advice and/or moral support/shoulder  OFFER  Close  17  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  [OFFER] Advice and/or moral support/shoulder  OFFER  I posted this before and got a quite a few responses and I hope it helped. I was told I did, so I thought I'd post again for those who missed it the first time.
 I don't have the financial means to help anyone, including myself currently, but I have lived a rather colorful life and through that have a lot of experiences to share. I can offer advice/support for anyone in an abusive situation, anyone needing/thinking about/having an abortion, anyone whose had a miscarriage, divorce, moving somewhere unfamiliar or without money. I've lived in a dozen states, I've raised 3 children and cared for dozens more, volunteered in shelters for victims of domestic violence and rape. I've survived 2 stalkers, and being raped, an abusive relationship, moving to Alaska with $400 to our name when we left to drive up there. I was married 20 years, had 6 miscarriages in which I lost 7 babies, since the last was twins. I survived hyperemesis gravidarum, which caused me to vomit around the clock every day of my pregnancies, and lost 67 lbs in the first as well as fracture 3 ribs, develop ulcers, etc. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, PTSD, OCD, and severe anxiety. I'm familiar with chronic illness, as I have pernicious anemia. I tell you these things not for sympathy or attention, but because if any of the things I've lived through can help someone else in a similar situation, I want to help."
"[Possible triggers]I suspect that I may be suffering either from DID or DDNOS, but I don't know if my concerns are legitimate.  Close  3  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  [Possible triggers]I suspect that I may be suffering either from DID or DDNOS, but I don't know if my concerns are legitimate.  This is likely going to be a very long post. I don't even know where to begin on this one, I've been intrigued by psychology and pursued a degree in it, I now work in the mental health field. I'm a 24 year old male. When I was younger the only knowledge I had of DID was the hollywood portrayals of the disorder and was convinced by a professor in college that it wasn't real. Recently, I've come across a life situation that got me interested in the disorder and I began doing research on it, I am now convinced that DID is in fact a real thing, although there are many misconceptions. It is very likely that I am just getting anxious and wondering if I have it for the simple fact that I've been reading so much up on it, but for some reason some of the symptoms and common experiences that I've read about DID really speak to me and may help me to understand my other mental health concerns and why they have been resistant to therapy and medications in the past, despite my best efforts to follow therapist's suggestions. Of course, reading online can only do so much for me, and I'm not sure how much of the information is factual, partially factual and not factual at all, as I hardly studied the disorder in school other than one professor dismissing the diagnosis as legitimate. I'm aware self-diagnosis is usually not a good idea, I just don't know much about this subject and live in a rural area where nobody really does.
 I guess I ought to tell you the reasons I am thinking this way, some of these may actually just be ordinary experiences, but I'm unsure;
   I have multiple memories that I'm not sure actually happened, where I don't know if they were just vivid dreams, or if they actually occurred, most of these have to do with sexual abuse when I was a child that I'm not sure happened, they involve older cousins (female and male) and a babysitter (female). I've never spoken up about these memories because I'm not convinced they happened, however I've been confident enough to disclose these memories to friends who have no ties to my family or hometown.
   I often cannot recall what has been said during conversations or even when they have occurred, I've at times been told I said something I don't remember saying or will say something and then be told that I already said it, this can be within a span of a few seconds, hours or days.
   Insomnia, it's probably just regular ole insomnia, but I wonder.
   Often times I zone out and lose track of time, during these times, I feel as though I'm not in my body, I don't necessarily see myself from the third person, but will sometimes spend an hour, sometimes longer thinking about if I am me, if someone else is me, what it's like to be me, what if I'm someone else, etc.
   Depression/suicidality, I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder in the past, and don't get me wrong, I definitely have been through some severe depressions and continue to have episodes. I find however, at times that I go off on tangents with other people when I feel that way, but I don't ever recall what I said and am often shocked when I go back through messages or talk about the conversation and see/hear what I've said. People have told me I'm a different person when I get like that, or that I say ""really dark shit"". Most of the time, I can remember that I've been sad or upset, but I don't remember talking to the person I talked to.
   I often forget what I look like even though I spend plenty of time in front of a mirror. I have a lot of self-image problems, but on top of that, I will see pictures of myself and not always recognize that it's me until somebody points it out.
   There are times that people tell me I was behaving a certain way, and can't for the life of me recall what they're referring to. For one example, a friend who decided to stop talking to me, told me when I confronted him about it, that I was being abusive, physically and emotionally. It's very likely that he interpreted something I remember doing, like talking trash when playing video games or hitting him on the arm wrong, but it seems like more than that.
   I often feel like a different person, and different crowds of people call me by different names, most of them are part of my real name, but not all, some of these people, I never remember meeting, but they can introduce me to somebody and tell them all about me, or at the very least tell them where they met me. Although my name is a little personal, I feel, that I need to share the names I've been referred to as, by different groups of people.
   T.J. is what I've always gone by, those who call me T.J. never call me by any other name, and often don't know what it stands for. People who know me as T.J. describe me as mellow, laid-back and focused, which is how I feel in the context of being ""T.J.""
 Terry, is what my fraternity brothers used to call me, along with a few others, of these people only some know that I've ever gone by T.J., the words they use to describe me are typically, ridiculous, outgoing, reckless and ""doesn't give a fuck."". In contexts where I'm known as Terry, I tend to feel extreme differences in my self-worth. Either I am extremely narcissistic and feel as though I can do no wrong, I take big risks and I do a lot of things that could get me in trouble. The opposite end is feeling weak, vulnerable and isolated.
 Some people know me as Terry-John, these people typically describe me as insecure, childish, jealous and eccentric. In those contexts, I am definitely jealous, contentious and when in a good mood, extremely eccentric, though not particularly social.
 There have been people, who's faces sometimes seem familiar, but not always, who refer to me as Cackles, I have no knowledge of how they know me and we don't interact much. I don't know where the name came from, the occasions where someone as known me as Cackles, I only feel confused, uncertain of how this person knows me or why they are talking to me.
 Sometimes I feel these different states even when context has not changed, that's usually when I'm alone or around family members. Sometimes that lasts a day, or changes within a few minutes of time.
 It's very likely that this has nothing to do with DID, and everything to do with how people without DID behave in different contexts, and the names are simply nicknames. This is what I've always believed, but I'm questioning my very sanity right now and am experiencing paranoia about this.
 9 .  When I was younger I had a very emotional conversation with my mother where I described to her that I felt like a had 3 hearts, a good a bad and a neutral that controlled my behavior, I don't think either of us took any stock in me saying that, and I for the life of me can't remember the details of the conversation other than that.
 10 .  I'll try to wrap things up here. At night, I don't have any visual hallucinations or vivid auditory hallucinations, but I often hear garbled voices in my head, it doesn't last for long, when it happens it is usually a few seconds at a time and happens multiple times at night, otherwise it doesn't really happen. When I was younger, I would wake up in the middle of the night to go the bathroom and would hear ticking noises, sometimes voices, and would visually see little 2D creatures that didn't move, sometimes I would just hold it in for a while, but sometimes I'd slowly work my way towards the bathroom and hear a cartoony sounding explosion and briefly (less than a second) see a red light. I don't know if that has anything do with it at all.
 11 .  Okay last one, when I was a young teenager (think 12-14 age range) although I can't remember exactly how old I was. My parents would often find urine spots on my carpet, I had the room to myself so it probably wasn't someone else, as I spent a lot of time in there, and had no re-collection of peeing on the floor, these spots were often still wet in the evening, meaning it wasn't happening at night more than likely, they would ask me if I was peeing on the floor and I would tell them no, honestly believing that I hadn't. According to them I had at other times told them I couldn't make it to the bathroom and other times told them that I just felt like it, but I didn't remember it.
 My previous diagnoses have been:
 Major Depressive Disorder (which has been resistant to therapy and medications)
 Social Anxiety Disorder (hard to tell if therapy really helped because sometimes I'm too anxious to call family members and others I'm confident enough to ask a stranger to have sex outright)
 Body Dysmorphic Disorder (group therapy was ineffective, although there are times that I feel superior to others in appearance rather than inferior to everyone)
 Narcissistic Personality Disorder (this came before the others and has not been diagnosed or even considered by other therapists that I've seen, only the one)
 I know I'm probably not making a lot of sense, and I feel stupid for even posting this, I may just be a hypochondriac, but if you read through all of this jumbled mess that probably doesn't even mean anything, then thank you.
 TL;DR: I honestly don't know how to sum this all up, if you don't have time to read it all, I understand."
"[Potential Triggers for Depression, Suicidal Thoughts, and talk of Self-Harm.]
 I made this thread because I wanted to discuss this and have a conversation with someone, not throw a pity party. I’m hopeful to start an intuitive conversation about mental health!
 For some background, I have been diagnosed with Clinical Depression by several professionals. More recently, I developed fairly severe Social Anxiety at 17. I’m currently 19 and in Vet School. If you have any questions, are looking for tips, I’ll do what I can to help! I’ve taken a lot of steps to manage my mind, and I hope I can help you out as well.
 (If you’re here for advice, I’ll do what I can, but please keep in mind that I am not a professional. See a therapist, psychologist, or psychiatrist if you’re experiencing dark and/or suicidal thoughts.)"
"[RANT] I feel alien. Crazy.  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  [RANT] I feel alien. Crazy.  I feel extremely alien. Not alienated, I feel like an extraterrestrial that is alone on this planet of humans.  Yea  I'm probably not an alien, but I genuinely feel like it.
 My closest friends say I think on a higher plane than most. I often get hung up on the idea that my consciousness actively thinks about itself. Or how my consciousness is tethered to this body and not, say, my husbands body, or a star.
 I feel like I'm crazy /: I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, ADHD, and an anxiety disorder (not sure which one, I just know I was medicated for it). I don't belong here.
 I feel like people are going to be thinking I'm some self absorbed gnome that thinks I'm smarter than everyone else, but I'm not! I do sometimes feel this engorged ego type feeling (like I'm superman but I just don't know it yet). But in reality I'm just really sad that I don't fit in. Outwardly it seems like it, but internally I feel like I'm having to fight that ""alien"" thought process all the time.
 I'm sick of feeling either really great or really isolated. What is wrong with me? I know the feeling of isolation well (I'm an agnostic liberal in the Bible Belt) but this is way worse. I feel like an actual literal alien. Or maybe some otherworldly supernatural being that slipped between dimensions. I don't fucking know I just know I feel absolutely crazy and I want it to stop.
 Sometimes I think that I should ""harness"" these feelings and learn my ""superpowers"" since I'm so ""special"". But that usually just draws me to researching Wicca and other ~magical~ religions. I'm tired /: I just want to not feel crazy.
 I hope this all makes sense."
"[RANT] Struggling in my first two years at the VA  Close  4  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  [RANT] Struggling in my first two years at the VA  Anyone is welcome to share their input. I've come VERY close to switching careers altogether because of my experiences at the VA. I didn't start out in med-surg, so I struggled to find new work recently. I finally got a new position in the same specialty at a hospital close to me. It's still unbenefitted, but it's a minimum of 2 days of work. The pay is enough to get me by. I'm on the recovery, and that's all that matters at this point.
 I feel like I've given my life to the VA, and now I'm sure the bridge is now burned and I cannot return. I absolutely love taking care of veterans. Most of my clinical rotations during school were at a VA. There are so many issues with the unit I was placed in, and I'm sure everyone has experienced similar things as well. I'm just not sure if I'm being over-dramatic because I read about the same problems elsewhere. I know all hospitals have their issues.
 At one point, I was so burnt out that I got into two car accidents in a week. During my time at the VA, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and another anxiety disorder. I was placed on medications. I have been through intensive outpatient programs, group sessions, classes, and 1:1 with therapists and a psychiatrist to help me cope with work stress. I have been admitted twice into a psychiatric facility. I was left hanging for a full time benefitted position even after all of the effort and OT I put in to make up for short staffing. It took over a year and a half before I was offered a benefitted position. Even then, I made the decision not to take it because I could no longer work full time hours at that point. I tried to change my schedule to deal with the stress, but even that was being shot down by my charge nurse (who creates the schedule). I couldn't email her my availability because she doesn't check her email. I couldn't text her because she never replied. I couldn't call in because she was always with a patient. I live 40 miles away, and a one way commute takes 1-2hrs. I barely took any vacations (I didn't have any with my unbenefitted position like my coworkers), while my coworkers and managers took months off at a time, multiple times a year. If I called off because I was sick or had an appointment, I was reprimanded for it. One of the worst things to happen? I was exposed to TB by a coworker who knowingly went to work with active TB. I took off a lot of time from work when the VA investigated so I can get tests and procedures done. I was placed on antibiotics as a precaution for 9 months. I was encouraged to apply for worker's compensation because the VA doctor I was seeing was convinced I contracted the TB from my coworker. Months later, I was denied. My initial TB screen before the VA was negative. I now test positive for it. To add insult to injury, I received a packet in the mail from the VA a week ago. In it were what I concluded was paperwork for a separating employee. I called HR, my manager, nurse recruitment, etc. and I could not get an answer from anyone. I applied to a different unit before I received the paperwork, and I wanted to know if I was being let go. That hiring manager hasn't called me back to schedule an interview with me. I can only assume that I'm no longer an employee with the VA and that I am not rehireable.
 I am just frustrated that I've given SO MUCH and this is how it ends. I'm very grateful for getting this new position at a hospital much closer to me. I'm even more fortunate that it will have much less hours and more pay so I can focus on recovering from my VA experience. I don't want to leave nursing, but I was so close to doing that recently. I only wish that this new opportunity will help me put my faith and passion back into nursing."
"[Rant] Trying to stay motivated.  Close  2  Posted by    19 M 6'0 SW: 265 CW: 195 GW: 190    7 years ago  Archived  [Rant] Trying to stay motivated.  Hey guys. This is my first post here on Keto and Reddit (I made the account after lurking). I recently started my keto journey; I have been doing keto for about six weeks. I have lost approximately 10 kgs (~22 lbs) going from 265lbs to about 242.5 lbs. I realise this is an achievement, but I still keep beating myself up about being unattractive and feel as if I should be seeing these massive improvements seen under the [Pics] tag on this subreddit. For reference, I am also nineteen years-old, six foot (183cm) and male. I am suspected to also have body dysmorphia and am diagnosed with major depression. My doctor thinks my results are great, but I just cannot feel that way -- I felt more happy for my friend who lost six kilos over a two month period on a calorie-restricted diet than my own improvements.
 How do I stop with this silly comparison to people who are nearing the completion of their keto journey? What can a young man do to motivate himself? I am about to head back to my student life where I will have access to a proper gym to start strength training (currently just have light weights and basic barbell weights and dumbbells; trying to get some technique) and hope this will give me some confidence and motivation.
 Sorry I am just letting it all out here, I am just feeling very harsh on myself and I am not sure how to ameliorate my negative thinking. Having some diet lemonade and low-carb, low-sugar snack bar I found at my local supermarket (looking forward to trying the Atkin's faux chocolate milk in the morning also)."
"[REQ] ($150 ) - (#Lubbock, Texas, US), (8-16-19), (Paypal or Bitcoin)  Close  0  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  [REQ] ($150 ) - (#Lubbock, Texas, US), (8-16-19), (Paypal or Bitcoin)  My little story - I graduated an awesome state-funded treatment center on the 14th of June and managed to get into an amazing sober living house(I can PM the name if anyone is curious). I'm 4 months clean and sober and things really are looking up, happiest I've been in a long time, but I'm still struggling to get things squared away as I've moved to a new city and do not have transportation or even money for the bus system (Which isn't great). I really lucked out and found an amazing job, $13 hourly, full time, but I've had to spend my paychecks to fulfill rent and food, and I just haven't been able to get caught up (Especially with transportation to work and home) I'm also unable to pay for my next refills on my medication (Mirtazapine, Escitalopram, Omeprazole, and Clonazepam). I think roughly combined they're about $60 at Walgreens (I'm especially worried about running out of the Lexapro and Remeron), I still owe another $150 on my rent and do not get paid until the 15th. I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Panic Disorder, Generalized Anxiety disorder, and PTSD.
 Lot's of good things happening though, I have to tell myself the serenity prayer daily (God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference). It's gotten me pretty dang far. Four Months, Four Days, and One hour clean and sober!!
 But man, I'm sincerely happy right now, and it's wonderful.  If ANYONE is able to help with anything please PM me for my BTC address or PayPal (It has my personal name attached).
 I was also bitten by a dog this past Saturday and had to have my roommate loan me $188 for the tetanus shot/antibiotics :, so that was a pretty big hit
 Thanks guys."
"[Serious] How to stop taking what people say so harshly?  Close  41  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  [Serious] How to stop taking what people say so harshly?  I've always had an issue with being sensitive to confrontation and criticism, and with my day to day responsibilities, life/stress stuff in general, I've become even worse with dealing with all kinds of criticism, the way people speak to me, and anything remotely mean. Seriously, I know some of the things I get upset about are quite stupid but my emotions get a hold of me and I immediately CRY. It pisses me off to no end. My eyes just start watering up. I can have full conversations with me people, speaking normally, while crying. It's ridiculous.
 Here are some examples to give you an idea of how ridiculous it has become.
   Had a customer at work get angry with me because I was waiting for him to finish his order but he was actually done so he said ""HELLO you have to help me here what's the next step, talk to me here."" and I got teary eyed because I had no idea what was going on at that point. Did small amount of crying.
   Cried because my manager told me I need to be more serious at work. Wtf lol literally no reason to cry
   Cried more because my neighbor asked if I was ok then looked nervous/disturbed
   Coworker gave me attitude because she was stressed so I cried.
    
 Listen, I know for some people it just sounds like I'm a crybaby. Trust me, I get it! If I weren't me, and someone else, I'd be afraid to even talk to this person in fear they'll just start crying. If it helps to understand the situation, I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, however I do take medication and have been for over almost a year. My brain should be doing ok by now. I do have a lot going on, what with work, starting a side business doing facials and lashes, and lots of family issues. My concern is, bases on my social skills, how can I hone myself to become less emotional or at least be ok with confrontation? It's starting to ruin my social environments (work, home, etc.)"
"[Update] Sorry guys, I'm not strong and don't wanna break up with her. I still care about her. As I mentioned, my dad has the same personality as her, and because of that, the fight over her and my problematic past I don't speak to him anymore and I don't wanna do it to her too.
 [Update II] Guess i was strong after all. She reached and got beyond my limit and it's done. My biggest problem now is the money to pay rent for a new place, since I am self a self-employed computer technician but I'll do my best. Thank you all for the help and suggestions, I will make a new update or post about what happened when i regain my mental strength. Wish you all a nice night.
 So, its a 5,5 years relationship with her, we started dating when i was 16 and she 15, and at first, she was as sweet as I could ever imagine. After around 8 months she started 'showing her true face', she started getting aggressive, physically and verbally, she would yell at me, discharge all of her stress on me (she doesn't have friends, mostly because of her 'explosive' behavior) and I've always been extremely calm and took it all without any problems. But around a month after our 2 years dating anniversary, i have been diagnosed with clinical depression and she promised me she would change her behavior to try to help me through it. The changed lasted about 2 weeks and then its 'back to normal'. At least I have a cousin who is helping me out (my girlfriend hates him).
 It was all going okayish until 2 days ago, I had invited a group of 5 friends including my cousin to play War with me and her since it was getting bored playing just us two. The night was alright, all well, we were all joking around and one of my friends who was in the kitchen dropped a cup and it broke, while he was cleaning it, he made a pretty big cut on his hand and I tried helping by cleaning the cut, etc. During that my gf was constantly calling me and wanting attention, to which I replied 'relax angel, just let me help him okay?' .She proceeds to scream 'FUCK HIM AND LOOK AT ME, I AM YOUR GIRLFRIEND NOT HIM' and pushed me away from the group by the arm. She started screaming how I don't give her attention, and when my cousin and a friend tried to calm her down she told them to 'fuck off' and a handful of other things.
 I was so embarrassed I started crying, and then my cousin said to my gf 'are you happy? you fucked our night!' and then the breaking point, she replied 'FUCK ALL OF YOU, AND FUCK YOUR DEPRESSION, THATS JUST FOR ATTENTION, IF YOU'RE SO SAD WHY YOU DON'T JUST KILL YOURSELF?' the rest of the fight went like this:
 Me: 'You never valued me! I don't doubt that if I did you wouldn't give a fuck! '
 Her: 'I NEVER ASKED YOU TO DO ANYTHING FOR ME!'
 (It's worth mentioning that i had a huge physical fight with my dad over her since my dad and she have the exact same personality they don't go well at all)
 Me: 'You don't need to, I did it becouse i love you! '
 Her: 'FUCK YOU! IF YOU LOVED ME YOU WOULD HAVE GIVEN ME ATTENTION WHEN I TOLD YOU TO LOOK AT ME!'
 Then my friends started arguing with her, during that I left my home and got in the car with my cousin and seconds later my friends also entered the car and went to my cousin's house to sleep just for that night. I got home and she didn't say 'sorry' or anything, she is literally acting as nothing happened. I don't know if I should talk to her or let her do it, she is very prideful so I don't think she'll do it. I need help/advice on what to do. So, I don't wanna break up, my heart still cares and loves her, and I'm not ready. Should i go and talk to her? Should i end it all? Ask for a time alone? I really don't know. My friends don't wanna talk to me and my cousin doesn't wanna interfere so I am basically alone. What should I do?
 ""I know what I have to do but I don't have the strength to do it"" ~Kylo Ren."
"[US] Suicidal. I can't seem to function anymore.  Close  28  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  [US] Suicidal. I can't seem to function anymore.  Small background.
 I'm in college. 4 th year. It's a miracle I survived this long. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, gender dysphoria, and I'm scheduled for an appointment for possibly having BPD.
 I'm already dead so why keep living?
 Context. Last two days. I had a career fair for my school. I didn't sleep for 38 hours. Last night I slept for 16. Last night I felt like I was dead. not like I felt like I was dead; I was dead.
 My parents don't care for me.
 They hate the fact that I'm transgender. My 21st birthday was last week. They didn't care to see me because I refused to be guy. I spent that day alone until my friends took me to the bars that night.
 I can't function.
 I thought my depression was gone. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm feeling. I don't want to live anymore. The world is too long and sad and everything hurts."
17 [f4r] started a kik group for mental disorders  F4R  Close  1  Posted by   Unverified Female   3 years ago  Archived  17 [f4r] started a kik group for mental disorders  F4R  My names lexi I'm 17 I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety disorder, aspergers and Ed. Now I'm realizing how ocd I am, like real ocd. I need a group of support people and people who know what's up
"18[F4R]- For the truly desperate  Close  8  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  18[F4R]- For the truly desperate  Hey there. I am going to be honest. So first, let me put the ""negatives"" about me. Also, the basics! 18f. Los Angeles, CA. 5'5"".
  I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder
 I have crazy mood swings
 I love a lot of people and tend to be expressive when I do
 I sort of have multiple personalities (not in a disorder way, just in a... me way)
 I like attention
 I've attempted suicide before
 I am not conventionally attractive [Pictures of me are on my post history. Remember to look at my post history, so that you can add to this list. My comments are incriminating, as well.]
 I'm kind of weird emotionally
 Abandonment issues
 I'm bad at talking to people
 Haven't left yet? Good! I've been thinking about posting here for a while, because I wasn't sure what sort of replies I would get, if any. Now, more about me and what I would like! (As for my positive sides, I'm kind of hoping some might be evident because as much as I love myself, I save some of my narcissism for AFTER people get to know me.) I love people. I love cuddling. I love looking at people, because people are beautiful aesthetically. I love watching movies with people, and anime, and TV shows too and playing games. (My PC access is nonexistent right now, so I have to use my Mac for games. It is sad. I still have League of Legends, though.) I like trying new things, so yes, I would be open to learning about YOUR interests as well! I like listening to music with people, too. I also like going on adventures/ walking around with people and that sort of thing. I also just like just...being around another person and having that openness where you can be yourself and not be judged and know everything about a person and accept them. I also miss the warm comfort of love, even more than the silly butterflies of the early relationship. Yes, I've had a relationship before. I also love emotional people. Anyways...
 Wow, you're still interested? I love you already! Hahaha. You might not end up wanting a relationship from me, but I'm at this point in my life where I just want to try new things and I might make a friend out of this, at the very least.
 Oh right, where I am in my life. I am currently set for a community college, but honestly, I have no idea what I am doing with my life. I just know that I like helping people, people in general, making the world a better place, animals, art, creating things.... what I am good at? I do not know.
 I make myself sound terrible. Well, if you've always wanted a girlfriend despite the extreme foreveraloneness reeking out of this post, I might be your girl. I wonder if this will get anywhere near as many responses as makenewfriendshere/needafriend/r4r posts because if so... I take ages to reply. I get overwhelmed by lots of replies, but this one was a descriptive post and so I expect 0 replies! I am going to crawl into a hole, so if you DO find something you like here, I will check out responses in a few hours.
  A friend told me to add what I am looking for... Gender doesn't matter. You should be a cute person. I mean cute not as in ""physically cute"" but you must be cute and silly sometimes. Honesty is nice. Tell me what you want from me, for example. Friendship is totally okay. Not looking for casual sex partners. I did not mention sex at all in the above post until right now, so there was a hint. Ummm...
  EDIT: So, I got way more responses than I expected. I had a nice day today and came home to loads in my inbox. I'll try to get to them all, haha. Please be patient. You're all interesting and lovely people."
"19, ftm - being alone is killing me.  Close  17  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  19, ftm - being alone is killing me.  trigger warning:  physical abuse, drug use, sexual assault, eating disorders
 this will be long, i apologise. i hope you can accommodate for my story recounting.
 this is my first post here after searching for support groups about estranged children. i feel very unsupported whenever i talk about these sorts of things, because all of my friends have family that they regularly talk to and even live with. life is very lonely, and im not sure how much longer i can take with this loneliness.
 some backstory about my situation;
 my mother and father split up when i was 3 due to domestic abuse that happened between them. my first memory was my father pushing my mother and making her fall over. a court order settlement of custody that happened until the age of 5 had determined that my father would have regular custody, whist only seeing my mother 2 out of 3 weekends each month. this is an unusual case, due to custody almost always being awarded to mothers. but perhaps it will make more sense as i explain some more about my mother.
 my father died when i was 10 due to brain cancer in the span of about 6 weeks. i had moved to live with my mother full time as well as with my half-sister who is 6 years older than me. my mother had a job as an aged care nurse and i was often left alone. my sister had troubles and run ins with police and a lot of time was spent focused on her, even when my dad was dying. my mother is an alcoholic, a drug user, and i suspect there is undiagnosed mental illness there.
 my mothers temper was nothing new to me; i had saw her abuse my sister to which they would often yell and beat each other up when i stayed with my mum on weekends. eventually my sister moved out and it was just my mother and i. her temper got worse over the years. she would let her anger out on me physically and mentally. i was assaulted many times. i lived in fear of her. she would sometimes threaten to kill me violently; most notably being in the car with her, her swerving the car on an abandoned road saying that she would ""crash the car and kill us both"". during the process of my sister moving out she would see this happen but not intervene, sometimes even joining in with my mother.
 by the age of 16 people had noticed bruises on me and had told teachers at school, to which i hesitantly admitted that my mother was abusive. my mum found this out, and contacted the teacher to inform her that i was a ""handful to deal with"" and i was lying. they believed her and no report was made to authorities/child protection services. her abuse got worse after that point. she had sexually assaulted me twice.
 i secretly started seeing the school counsellor, to which she informed me that the way my mother was acting was wrong. she had contacted authorities, but in australia these services only tend to investigate cases with families influenced with heavy drugs. (my mother smoked weed, as well as the intake of hallucinogenics.) no action was done. but the counsellor was the only one who genuinely worried about me. she told me to contact another family member, and the first that came to mind was my aunt. i stayed with her for the holidays, much to my mother's speculation. she lived 6 hours away. i told her about my situation, and she was worried. she admitted that she was always worried about me; she works for the family and children protection agency in australia, and multiple reports were made, but no action was taken. that reality makes me so heartbroken. she offered for me to live with her, to which i was quick to take up on that offer. i went back home and asked my mother about living with her, to which she was furious about. she would not let me, and the abuse rapidly increased to life threatening amounts of threats and mental torture.
 so i ran away. i had to. i felt as though if i stayed, i would have been killed eventually by the hands of either my mother or myself. with the help of my aunts who picked me up from school one day i left with only my school uniform on and my phone.
 life has changed so much since that point. i'm 19 years old now. i had come to terms with my gender identity, as i am a transgender man. 3 years have passed, and i have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, ptsd, anxiety and attachment related issues and symptoms. a lot of things were discovered through therapy too; my father was not a good man. he was money hungry, a domestic abuser of my mum in addition, and he has given me perhaps the biggest hardship i face too by placing me on a diet at 6 years old through degrading and sexualising of my body; binge eating disorder. i am obese because of it. my quality of life has decreased. he had ignored me telling about how i was sexually assaulted during school time by classmates older than me, and shamed me for it. i feel betrayed that both my parents are evil people.
 i had tried many times to rekindle a relationship with my mother and my sister, but every attempt has put me in such mental distress, and a situation where i was almost assaulted by my mother again. i've given up on contact; i can't do it anymore. my mother and my sister are both mentally exhausting to deal with. i'm left traumatised.
 i don't talk to my aunt anymore; once i moved out, contact had decreased. i'm on my own, really. i have a handful of friends, but my heart breaks every time i hear my friends talk about family holidays, stories about their siblings and parents, coming home on weekends for them to visit their cousins and extended family. i don't have that. i've never had a comfortable family situation. i'm jealous of it. i'm jealous that people have families they can go home to. i come home to myself; friends don't particularly check up on me. the closest relationship i have is with my therapist; and that is such a depressing conclusion.
 i'm only 19, too. to feel such loneliness, i even recognise, is scary.
 i feel emotionally immature... and i am, technically. my therapist knows this. i still feel like i'm trapped in a vulnerable 7 year old's brain that is forced to be resilient even though i don't want to be. i want to be cared for; i want to have a family. i don't want to be on my own anymore. i don't know if i can do it any longer. this loneliness kills; it's slowly killing me.
 i want to know if there's someone i can relate to here. somebody i can contact that could support me and listen to my story. is anybody out there?"
"2019 - A Post-Mortem  Success Story  Close  54  Posted by    M/26/6'2"" SW:311 on 2-17-19 | CW:192.8 | GW:180    4 months ago  2019 - A Post-Mortem  Success Story  tl;dr and before/after provided at the bottom. Strap in, it's gonna be a long one.
 Intro bits  This decade was both great and terrible for me, the past couple years being particularly good and bad. I decided to do keto as a belated new year's resolution for 2019 as a way to try and salvage my, uh, life. The below parts of this post are the inane ramblings of a guy who did a thing. Please keep in mind: unlike a lot of the success stories here, this probably isn't going to be a happy-go-lucky I-love-you-all kind of post, it'll probably be a bit more contemplative and self-reflective if anything, I just want to have a record of this year somewhere.
 Background bits  Before I jump into a lot of this stuff with the current year and the dieting and the weight loss, I think it's kind of important to dive into what led me to needing to lose a bunch of weight in the first place. I think that a lot of people ignore what causes you to become obese in the first place (and no I'm not just talking about overeating, that is the obvious part).
 So, to start off, I am not what you would call a ""happy person"". I mean, I can  be  happy, I can have fun, and I'm not spending every day of my life wallowing in sorrow, nor do I necessarily have a massive hardship I have to deal with in life that makes it intolerable. I just kind of hate myself most days, partly because of my own screw-ups, partly because I have issues with dwelling on the past, partly because I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder (MDD). It's not a hard life I lead but sometimes you just can't help where your mental state is at all that much. I receive regular counseling to help cope with my MDD, but that's about it. Unmedicated, the meds stopped working at 150mg and I didn't want to become dependent on seratonin. I also have a bad habit of stress eating, which helped contribute to my weight. This is important, so put a bookmark on that little factoid.
 In addition to all that, 2018 was a particularly rough year for me. See, I had just graduated college the previous year, and my fiance had moved out to live in PA with my parents while we worked towards the wedding date. I worked in a high-stress job where the most common discussion around the office was whether or not the client was going to pay us for our services that day at the time, and I was working for what can only be considered a woefully low wage for what I was doing (computer programming is hard). And then, late last year, my fiance got cold feet. So I suppose it's more accurate to call her an ex-fiance.
 Let's circle back a bit. Remember how I said I stress eat? Well when I say that, what that translates to is ""When stressed every meal becomes a large pizza, crazy bread, half a dozen donuts, and a 2L of soda because I want to eat until I pass out and hope the pain of existence passes"". That was my entire senior year of college, and most of my 2018 Holiday season. Shoveling pizza and donuts into my face. It was the only thing that could even kind of distract me from heart-break and stress at the time.
 So 2019 rolls around and I'm miserable and alone, in an overpriced apartment meant for 2 people which now housed 1, with stacks of pizza boxes 6-feet high lining the living room wall and filling the back room where I spent all my time sequestered away, eating like a gremlin and watching youtube because I didn't want to do anything else. This sets the stage for the actual change-your-life bits.
 The change-your-life bits  My mom and I attempted keto earlier in 2018, I had mild success with something like 20 or 30 pounds lost in about 4 months. We both fell off the wagon though, and I fell off HARD when my ex left me. Come January I was so fed up with my job that I had searched for a new one (where I am currently working in content).
 February 16 was that legendary day when I finally decided it was time to do the unthinkable, and see what all this terrible eating had done to my body. I weighed 311 lbs, which at my height put me at about 40 BMI. Class 3 obesity, ladies and gentlemen, I was about as fat as they're willing to classify.
 I didn't want to be fat, and I didn't want to be alive, so one of those two things needed to change by 2020. As a result, I made myself a deal: lose the weight and get under 210 pounds by January 1, or purposefully gorge myself until death. And I had full intentions of going through with that, had it come to that, which I expected to occur. Which makes it all the more shocking that I'm writing up this year-end review today.
 So, I texted my mom. And all I texted was: ""I'm going back on Keto starting tomorrow. And if I don't end the year  ""No, I'm starting today. I've started. The starting is now.""
 Fast-forward, as of today, I weigh 204.6 lbs (I just checked this morning). So, guess I'm here for 2020 then.
 The results and conclusions bit  So, what was the final tally?
 106.4 pounds, lost over the course of about 10.5 months, which is a rate of about 10 lbs per month somehow. That's, like, four or five children's worth of weight. I've also learned a lot about myself, and dieting, and what it's like to deal with the pressures of it and how people respond to these things. So let's go over a few lessons learned.
 Losing weight is easy  I lost so much weight that I now weigh what I did at the beginning of high school. And it took less than a year to undo a lot of that. Clearly, if you have the weight to lose, it's not actually that long of a process to lose most of it.
 Losing weight is hard  But holy shit does it suck. I gave up the two things I truly loved to eat to help me cope with stress: pizza and donuts. I haven't had a true, wheat-based pizza or a proper baked confection in over ten months and a bit of me hates that a bit. I really do miss those things, but I just don't eat them anymore and I gotta deal with that.
 America is absolutely swimming in sugar  But these days I question if I could even stomach a donut. There's sugar in damn near everything you pick up from a shelf in this country. I've been to more than one social gathering after having gone keto, and there was so much sugar in the room that I began to actually feel nauseous from the smell of it, which never happened when I weighed 311 lbs. This country is totally desensitized to the amount of sugar we put in our bodies, which is concerning at the very least.
 Hard work really does beget respect  Listen, there were a lot of people who either didn't like me or were indifferent towards me during high school and college. When you go back to an alumni thing after losing 8 pant sizes, it's shocking how much those exact same people suddenly respect you for putting in the leg work. I had people actually smile at me, who never did and pretty much stuck to acting like pricks toward me before. Was that a good thing for them to do? No, but in some respects they were kind of correct, I was a fat, slovenly goofball who didn't really earn anybody's respect. I changed that though, and now I have it, which is weird but not entirely unpleasant.
 Being fat feeds into being fat  The common knowledge in the US is, eat less and work out means weight loss. Turns out, that little nugget of wisdom is actually terrible and doesn't work whatsoever. Working out contributes to fitness, not thinness. And ""just eat less"" is bad advice, because (as I mentioned earlier) almost everything in this country is LADEN with sugar, which leads to cravings, addiction, and dependency. On top of that, have you ever tried to work out as a fat person? It's really hard. For every pound of weight in your body, you have 4+ pounds of extra pressure on your knees. If you were like me, your joints are constantly inflamed by carb overload. You produce more lactic acid when you work out. It's more physically painful to work out as a fat person, than it is as a thin person. All the weight loss advice I got prior to 2018 was absolute garbage.
 Weight loss is not a magic bullet for your problems  Listen, I feel like I've been pretty open about my personal issues and my ongoing battle with depression. That hasn't ended. I still kind of hate myself. Yeah, I lost over 100 pounds but that just means I've gone from ""about to die from a heart attack"" to ""just regular fat"". Honestly? I don't think my issues will go away even after I hit my next major goal (180 or less, as of writing), and I'll be normal size at that point. I'll have to work on me, forever, and I just have to come to terms with that.
 Keto is not magic  A lot of misinformation exists about keto. Truth of the matter is, it's just super easy to eat less when every meal you eat feels like 20 pounds of food sitting in your stomach regardless of how much you put down. Keto won't magically bless you with perfect health, nor will it magically make you lose weight. It only works if you do it right, and it doesn't solve your life's issues and then file your taxes and give you good nookie afterward. End of the day, you're still you. And I'm still me - warts and all.
 tl;dr  Fat sad man loses a lot of weight but is still fat and is still sad oh well.  Before  /  After 
 Sorry this success story isn't as jovial as most, guess it's just not my MO. I just wanted to put this year in writing as a permanent marker of what's been accomplished so far."
"23 y/o college student about to graduate but I'm on the verge of ending my life. I could really use some advice.  Close  2  Posted by  10 years ago  Archived  23 y/o college student about to graduate but I'm on the verge of ending my life. I could really use some advice.  I'm not asking for pity and suicide is my very last option. I'm 23 years old and about to graduate from Kansas State University with a psychology major. I started off going to college because my parents expected it of me and as of late - I have no interest in getting a job in Psychology. I have no idea what I want to do in a career nor have any idea what I should do.
 I'm diagnosed with major depression and high anxiety. The first time I thought about killing myself (and almost did) was when I was 13. I felt that feeling nothing would feel better than the way I did and I still feel that way.
 Last December the realization of graduation was coming up and I could feel it creeping on me. I could feel how disappointing I've become not only to myself but how disappointing I will be when my parents, friends, family, and everyone I've ever known realize how much of a shit I've turned into.
 My biggest problem, however, is the amount of debt I've let myself become into. I spent a crap load of money on my ex-girlfriend who inevitably cheated on me. I'm a little over 10,000 dollars in debt and my debt has been transferred to debt collection. And to add, I didn't spend all of that on her. To be honest I have no idea what I bought with that money - this was a span of about 7 years. I don't know what to do. I tried contacting Oak View Law Group but apparently my debt collectors won't accept debt settlements so I'm stuck with a 10,000 dollar debt. I don't have this sort of money at all. I'm in college - I'm going to have even less money when I graduate.
 I could really use advice on what to do. I don't think my parents will help me get a loan from a bank. I have a friend who may co-sign a bank loan but I won't be able to talk to her until May 4th. I really just want to end my life and yes, I know. Many people here are going to redirect me to suicide preventions and what-not but that's not what I need to focus on now. I need to focus on fixing my debt. Please give me any suggestions or websites that could help me in doing so. I dont' care what the monthly payments are, as long as I have some sort of solution to get rid of the debt collectors.
 Thank you."
"23F what am I doing wrong?  Close  6  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  23F what am I doing wrong?  Anyway, bf left me this week, I've never been someone who easily gets a relationship and they always seem to fade rather quickly, so I wonder if it is because I'm ugly or if it's mostly my appearance and if you have any opinion of how I could improve or if I'm just meant to be forever alone. I don't have someone else to give me an honest opinion so I guess internet would be a good idea(is never a good idea putting your pictures online, especially if you're as paranoid as I am, but oh well)
 I've lost a shit ton of weight but feel still have some to lose, also my nose is one of my biggest concerns. Anyway here's pictures, sorry about quality.
  http://imgur.com/a/Ea8ys 
 Edit: Added the closest to a smiling picture of myself I have, I guess everyone is right about being/looking depressed, rarely ever smile and when I do is usually drunk. Edit2: Yes I'm diagnosed with major depression and also SPD, didn't know it was so obvious by just looking at me haha.  http://imgur.com/qhF143O 
 I think I'm flattered because I'm not wearing makeup, I'm really potato at makeup like can't even use eyeliner, sometimes lipstick and that's about it."
"26 years old and unemployed  Other  Close  4  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  26 years old and unemployed  Other  This title pretty much sums up everything (as a title serves to), but I thought I should share my situation in detail here, to seek for advice.  Excuse me in advance if I am sounding like a little b*tch at first, but I feel like I am in a serious and dangerous rut at the moment.  Please hear me out?
 Right now I am 26, I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, escaped from a horrible relationship about six months ago, and partially physically disabled (I have a mild form of dwarfism, which addles me with arthritis).  During my relationship, I was in gradschool, but I had to drop out, due to the crazy nature of it.  We were extremely codependent, and he was addicted to a lot of different drugs that I won't get into, but needless to say, it was such a burden on my life that I had to drop school.  After careful consideration, I escaped, and have been unemployed ever since (Last June).  Since then, I have had bouts of vertigo, and I have progressively become weaker and weaker.  Because I have been unemployed for such a long time, I'm afraid that no one will actually hire me, and I won't be able to get back on my feet.  Not only that, I don't really have any friends any more because of my previous relationship.
 I feel really desperate right now that I can't really put my situation coherently, so it may be best for me to address it in a form of a dialogue.  Any thoughts on this would help, and anyone willing to talk/share their stories would be appreciated as well.
 Thank you for reading this."
"4.3 g golden teacher trip report  Close  8  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  4.3 g golden teacher trip report  Warning: long post.
 so this is for you if you like to read trip reports like i do.
  some background information:  I am 16 years old male 170cm and i weight about 54 kg. im from Finland so my english is not so good. Some of you may judge me for my age but that's okay. I started smoking weed about 3 years ago. Took first tab of LSD last winter and first shroom trip about 2 months ago.
 My first LSD dose was about 70ug then second 140ug. Then there was a little break and next 3 times i got bunk acid. Then last summer i got myself 2 105ug blotters which were tested and contained dr.seuss 3.0 acid. That was the trip that changed me completely. Then a decent 150 ug trip. After that i got interested in meditating and exploring my mind and soul. So i have been meditating about a month now and practiced astral projection. My first shroom trip was about 2,5 grams of B+ shrooms. I have been diagnosed with major depression but after my first shroom trip i haven't been depressed at all. After i started meditating i have felt wonderful and alive every day, i have started to feel strong empathy for others and i love everyone and everything. I see art everywhere i go and i appreciate every little thing in world.
 I started this week with 210ug LSD and had a bad trip (i will probably post a trip report about that too). I was kind of scared to do the shrooms but i had to do it.
 Now to the trip. I took 4,3 grams and my friend about 1,7 grams and it was his first time with psychedelics.
 Its dark friday morning i woke up at 7.15 am took a shower and packed everything in my bag. I built a bottle bong for my hash. Called my friend everything was ready so we can go. We bought lemon juice for the lemon tek. Got in the bus that took us to another city.
 9.20 am. We got to our destination: a beautiful lake which was surrounded by thin fog. The fog was so thin we couldn't even see the island near our location. I had this thick ass blanket which i put on the ground next to a rock so we could lean on that. We put our grinded shrooms into cups and poured the lemon juice there.
 9.54 am. We drank the liquid and just leaned onto the rock. We talked a bit and i explained about shrooms and how they affect you.
 10.05 am. We are starting to feel something.
 10.20. I am coming up FAST i cant even move im just laying in the ground and try to put myself together so i can get up and take a piss.
 10.30 am. Taking a piss in the woods and everything is starting to look HD and clearer. I walk to my friend and i started laughing and couldn't stop: my friend started to change color first he was completely white then he turned pink then green and then blue. Then he started to laugh because i looked like a hindu because of my huge ass pimple in my forehead and he told me that we were in india.
 10.40 am. So now seeing eyes on trees and they start to breathe, morph and spin. I got in to the blanket and just layed down. The sedation was starting to overwhelm me i couldn't move or speak i closed my eyes and saw shit beyond explanation: beautiful patterns and colors.
 10.50 am. My friend started to smoke the hash and i just gazed at the smoke it was so beautiful i wanted to smoke but couldn't because i couldn't even raise my hand so i told my friend can smoke everything.
 11.00 am. Suddenly my friend started to get paranoid and wanted to leave. I told we could take a bus and go to my home. We packed the blanket and started to walk. Every step i took i noticed my effects grew 2 times stronger to the point i could not speak or walk. Only thing i said to my friend was i wanted to lay down or walk. My friend started to have a bad trip and started to freak out. So we walked into woods and it was like i stepped straight to another dimension: I thought i lost my sense of hearing but i just heard literally everything. The trees were talking to me there were different god like entities every where every sound that got to my ears echoed in my head every bird chirping every leaf that was moved by the wind.
 11.10 am. We found a little cute ""cabin"" so we went there i just lied on the bench and my friend sat down. Now he was losing his shit he started shaking and was telling me he is having a bad trip. So now im just gone i had total loss i did not have any sense of reality in this point. All i told him is you have to ""let go"", ""go with the flow"" and ""let it be"" these words are my mantra. So the problem is my friend has a fucking huge ego and has different personality for every person he knows only time he is himself is with me and our other friend which we will call John. So i told him he had to let go and just be one with the shrooms but hes greatest fear is to be not in control of himself. I closed my eyes and left this world i was somewhere where there was no time. I saw machine like patterns and colors. At this time i knew i had to calm my friend because he was getting me into bad trip. But to be honest at this time i was tripping so hard i didn't even know or feel the difference between good or bad trip.
 11.20 am. We left the cabin and started to walk again. My friend was totally losing his shit. He took a selfie every 2 mins because he had to be sure he was still here. He lost his touch to reality. At this time i knew i wasn't alive or dead i was just ""being"" i cant really explain this but i accepted everything and went with the flow.
 11.30 am. Now we are walking somewhere we never had been before and our talking sounded like this: ""i cant walk"" ""i know"" ""tree"" ""no"" ""where?"" ""forest"" ""no"" ""fuck"". Then i started to complain about i couldn't walk and i didn't know what to do. So my friend hates forests and nature but now he felt like the nature was calling him.
 11.45 am. so now we decided to turn left straight to the forest because we started to see other people. We found a huge cliff surrounded by trees. I threw the blanket on the ground and just collapsed onto it. We tried to talk but at this time we were just mumbling and we didn't make any sense at all. We started to listen music and we closed our eyes. I saw the music, i WAS the music, i saw the life behind the lyrics and instruments. So now it was too overwhelming and we stopped listening music. We called John and just screamed at the phone. He instantly knew he had to get there so i gave our location to him. Its about 1 hour and 20 minutes from where he was to our location.
 11.55 am. Now we tried to talk about how to speak and about reality and what the fuck is actual reality. Suddenly we remembered that we had egos but we did not have them now. Our egos and sense of reality was vacuumed from us and i completely accepted that but my friend still had some problems with accepting the ""way of the shrooms"". My friend started to watch teen wolf and he started to feel good.
 12.00 am. Now try to explain what i was experiencing. I looked at time it was 12.00 i started thinking about clocks. I saw every fucking clock in the world i started thinking how to build a clock. Now im thinking about building shit. My thoughts were racing i was thinking about my phone now im thinking about internet. I thought about the word ""internet"" i closed my eyes and saw internet. I saw every site i have ever visited, every thing i have searched. It just came to my mind all at once i saw everything, i was everything there is and everything there will ever be. I looked at the time again 12.02 pm WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. I thought i sat there for at least 20 minutes.
 12.03 pm. I press my head into my palms and my palms just morphed into my cheeks i watched the trees spin, breathe and morph. I saw some weird shit. I thought: okay John will be here soon, but no it has not even been 20 minutes. It felt like 5 minutes was 20 lifetimes.
 12.05 pm. Now i accepted the time does what it gotta do and i relaxed.
 12.10 pm. At this point our memory shortened to 0.50 seconds. We stood up and started to collect our shit and clean the place. We talked hysterically. I checked about 15 times that my airpods were in my bag because every time i forgot if they were there. Last time checked i started laughing because i realized i just forget every time that they are there.
 12.15 pm. Im standing straight then something hits me: everything just started to spin i realized i was blacking out. I told my friend that im going to pass out and then i fell. I hit my head onto something and passed out. I opened my eyes 10 seconds later and my friend told me he was going to take a piss. I was just laying there and thought i was going to die. Then i stood up packed my shit and we left. We walked until we found a buss stop so we sat there about 20 minutes.
 13.15 pm. The last hour was crazy. Every 20 seconds or so my eyes closed and i was somewhere else. We got to another bus stop and sat there. Then i grab my phone and suddenly remember John. I went to look for him in the snap maps and holy shit he was just next to us. I saw him walking just across the street. I screamed his name and he came to us. I just started hugging him and told him how grateful i was. My friend was relieved. We just yelled at him what the fuck just happened in the forest and that he pulled us out from another dimension. Then we took a bus. Whole bus trip i could not keep my eyes open. I was completely exhausted and tired. We got out of the bus and started walking near our homes. I was too tired to do anything so walking was hard.
 14.30 pm. We were sitting on a bench. I was totally wrecked wanted to go home to sleep. My friend laughing at shit we did. John explaining shrooms to my friend. My friend admitted he is a control freak, hates nature and has a huge ego and he had a hard time letting go. He thanked me about me telling him to let it be and let go because without that he would have lost his mind.
 14.50 pm. We visited my home where i changed my clothes and then went outside again. I had the ""yawning"" effect. I could not even speak because every 4-6 seconds i yawned and it was kind of fun. Then became the part i just fell every 10-25 seconds. My legs just went jello. John had to keep me up from falling. I had lost my muscle action and all my powers had gone away. This was very funny.
 15.20 pm. We are sitting on a bench just talking about shit and laughing. I felt like i was a little kid again 7 years old annoying little kid. I talked like a kid and it was just hilarious. Also my memory was fucked and every time i started to tell something i just forgot what i was saying.
 15.40 pm. Smoked some hash and went to movies.
 20.00 pm. Now at this point my mind was totally raped to every last bit of it. I had a headache which was not a ""ache"" i felt like my mind was tired and had to sleep.
 21.00 pm. Got to home at last. all this time i just wanted to hug my mom so i gave her the biggest hug i have ever given somebody. Told that i loved her and went to sleep.
 Now im still trying to build my sense of reality. After what i experienced i have learned to live fully in present moment. this has been a problem to me and meditating has helped me. This was a very strong and profound experience to me but now if think taking psychedelics my mind hurts XD. the weird part is that i dont feel like ""normal"" human anymore. Im just me living my wonderful life. I feel like my mind has expanded and now i can feel love and life in everything.
 My friend has changed too and now we have a 200% respect between us.
 So this was my trip report. Again i am sorry for my grammar english is not my first language and my teachers always complains about my ""repeating"" habit.
 Thank you for reading it means much to me!
 Might write about my first LSD bad trip too.
 Mush love!"
"4.3 g golden teacher trip report  Mushrooms  Close  16  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  4.3 g golden teacher trip report  Mushrooms  Warning: long post.
 so this is for you if you like to read trip reports like i do.
  some background information:  I am 16 years old male 170cm and i weight about 54 kg. im from Finland so my english is not so good. Some of you may judge me for my age but that's okay. I started smoking weed about 3 years ago. Took first tab of LSD last winter and first shroom trip about 2 months ago.
 My first LSD dose was about 70ug then second 140ug. Then there was a little break and next 3 times i got bunk acid. Then last summer i got myself 2 105ug blotters which were tested and contained dr.seuss 3.0 acid. That was the trip that changed me completely. Then a decent 150 ug trip. After that i got interested in meditating and exploring my mind and soul. So i have been meditating about a month now and practiced astral projection. My first shroom trip was about 2,5 grams of B+ shrooms. I have been diagnosed with major depression but after my first shroom trip i haven't been depressed at all. After i started meditating i have felt wonderful and alive every day, i have started to feel strong empathy for others and i love everyone and everything. I see art everywhere i go and i appreciate every little thing in world.
 I started this week with 210ug LSD and had a bad trip (i will probably post a trip report about that too). I was kind of scared to do the shrooms but i had to do it.
 Now to the trip. I took 4,3 grams and my friend about 1,7 grams and it was his first time with psychedelics.
 Its dark friday morning i woke up at 7.15 am took a shower and packed everything in my bag. I built a bottle bong for my hash. Called my friend everything was ready so we can go. We bought lemon juice for the lemon tek. Got in the bus that took us to another city.
 9.20 am. We got to our destination: a beautiful lake which was surrounded by thin fog. The fog was so thin we couldn't even see the island near our location. I had this thick ass blanket which i put on the ground next to a rock so we could lean on that. We put our grinded shrooms into cups and poured the lemon juice there.
 9.54 am. We drank the liquid and just leaned onto the rock. We talked a bit and i explained about shrooms and how they affect you.
 10.05 am. We are starting to feel something.
 10.20. I am coming up FAST i cant even move im just laying in the ground and try to put myself together so i can get up and take a piss.
 10.30 am. Taking a piss in the woods and everything is starting to look HD and clearer. I walk to my friend and i started laughing and couldn't stop: my friend started to change color first he was completely white then he turned pink then green and then blue. Then he started to laugh because i looked like a hindu because of my huge ass pimple in my forehead and he told me that we were in india.
 10.40 am. So now seeing eyes on trees and they start to breathe, morph and spin. I got in to the blanket and just layed down. The sedation was starting to overwhelm me i couldn't move or speak i closed my eyes and saw shit beyond explanation: beautiful patterns and colors.
 10.50 am. My friend started to smoke the hash and i just gazed at the smoke it was so beautiful i wanted to smoke but couldn't because i couldn't even raise my hand so i told my friend can smoke everything.
 11.00 am. Suddenly my friend started to get paranoid and wanted to leave. I told we could take a bus and go to my home. We packed the blanket and started to walk. Every step i took i noticed my effects grew 2 times stronger to the point i could not speak or walk. Only thing i said to my friend was i wanted to lay down or walk. My friend started to have a bad trip and started to freak out. So we walked into woods and it was like i stepped straight to another dimension: I thought i lost my sense of hearing but i just heard literally everything. The trees were talking to me there were different god like entities every where every sound that got to my ears echoed in my head every bird chirping every leaf that was moved by the wind.
 11.10 am. We found a little cute ""cabin"" so we went there i just lied on the bench and my friend sat down. Now he was losing his shit he started shaking and was telling me he is having a bad trip. So now im just gone i had total loss i did not have any sense of reality in this point. All i told him is you have to ""let go"", ""go with the flow"" and ""let it be"" these words are my mantra. So the problem is my friend has a fucking huge ego and has different personality for every person he knows only time he is himself is with me and our other friend which we will call John. So i told him he had to let go and just be one with the shrooms but hes greatest fear is to be not in control of himself. I closed my eyes and left this world i was somewhere where there was no time. I saw machine like patterns and colors. At this time i knew i had to calm my friend because he was getting me into bad trip. But to be honest at this time i was tripping so hard i didn't even know or feel the difference between good or bad trip.
 11.20 am. We left the cabin and started to walk again. My friend was totally losing his shit. He took a selfie every 2 mins because he had to be sure he was still here. He lost his touch to reality. At this time i knew i wasn't alive or dead i was just ""being"" i cant really explain this but i accepted everything and went with the flow.
 11.30 am. Now we are walking somewhere we never had been before and our talking sounded like this: ""i cant walk"" ""i know"" ""tree"" ""no"" ""where?"" ""forest"" ""no"" ""fuck"". Then i started to complain about i couldn't walk and i didn't know what to do. So my friend hates forests and nature but now he felt like the nature was calling him.
 11.45 am. so now we decided to turn left straight to the forest because we started to see other people. We found a huge cliff surrounded by trees. I threw the blanket on the ground and just collapsed onto it. We tried to talk but at this time we were just mumbling and we didn't make any sense at all. We started to listen music and we closed our eyes. I saw the music, i WAS the music, i saw the life behind the lyrics and instruments. So now it was too overwhelming and we stopped listening music. We called John and just screamed at the phone. He instantly knew he had to get there so i gave our location to him. Its about 1 hour and 20 minutes from where he was to our location.
 11.55 am. Now we tried to talk about how to speak and about reality and what the fuck is actual reality. Suddenly we remembered that we had egos but we did not have them now. Our egos and sense of reality was vacuumed from us and i completely accepted that but my friend still had some problems with accepting the ""way of the shrooms"". My friend started to watch teen wolf and he started to feel good.
 12.00 am. Now try to explain what i was experiencing. I looked at time it was 12.00 i started thinking about clocks. I saw every fucking clock in the world i started thinking how to build a clock. Now im thinking about building shit. My thoughts were racing i was thinking about my phone now im thinking about internet. I thought about the word ""internet"" i closed my eyes and saw internet. I saw every site i have ever visited, every thing i have searched. It just came to my mind all at once i saw everything, i was everything there is and everything there will ever be. I looked at the time again 12.02 pm WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. I thought i sat there for at least 20 minutes.
 12.03 pm. I press my head into my palms and my palms just morphed into my cheeks i watched the trees spin, breathe and morph. I saw some weird shit. I thought: okay John will be here soon, but no it has not even been 20 minutes. It felt like 5 minutes was 20 lifetimes.
 12.05 pm. Now i accepted the time does what it gotta do and i relaxed.
 12.10 pm. At this point our memory shortened to 0.50 seconds. We stood up and started to collect our shit and clean the place. We talked hysterically. I checked about 15 times that my airpods were in my bag because every time i forgot if they were there. Last time checked i started laughing because i realized i just forget every time that they are there.
 12.15 pm. Im standing straight then something hits me: everything just started to spin i realized i was blacking out. I told my friend that im going to pass out and then i fell. I hit my head onto something and passed out. I opened my eyes 10 seconds later and my friend told me he was going to take a piss. I was just laying there and thought i was going to die. Then i stood up packed my shit and we left. We walked until we found a buss stop so we sat there about 20 minutes.
 13.15 pm. The last hour was crazy. Every 20 seconds or so my eyes closed and i was somewhere else. We got to another bus stop and sat there. Then i grab my phone and suddenly remember John. I went to look for him in the snap maps and holy shit he was just next to us. I saw him walking just across the street. I screamed his name and he came to us. I just started hugging him and told him how grateful i was. My friend was relieved. We just yelled at him what the fuck just happened in the forest and that he pulled us out from another dimension. Then we took a bus. Whole bus trip i could not keep my eyes open. I was completely exhausted and tired. We got out of the bus and started walking near our homes. I was too tired to do anything so walking was hard.
 14.30 pm. We were sitting on a bench. I was totally wrecked wanted to go home to sleep. My friend laughing at shit we did. John explaining shrooms to my friend. My friend admitted he is a control freak, hates nature and has a huge ego and he had a hard time letting go. He thanked me about me telling him to let it be and let go because without that he would have lost his mind.
 14.50 pm. We visited my home where i changed my clothes and then went outside again. I had the ""yawning"" effect. I could not even speak because every 4-6 seconds i yawned and it was kind of fun. Then became the part i just fell every 10-25 seconds. My legs just went jello. John had to keep me up from falling. I had lost my muscle action and all my powers had gone away. This was very funny.
 15.20 pm. We are sitting on a bench just talking about shit and laughing. I felt like i was a little kid again 7 years old annoying little kid. I talked like a kid and it was just hilarious. Also my memory was fucked and every time i started to tell something i just forgot what i was saying.
 15.40 pm. Smoked some hash and went to movies.
 20.00 pm. Now at this point my mind was totally raped to every last bit of it. I had a headache which was not a ""ache"" i felt like my mind was tired and had to sleep.
 21.00 pm. Got to home at last. all this time i just wanted to hug my mom so i gave her the biggest hug i have ever given somebody. Told that i loved her and went to sleep.
 Now im still trying to build my sense of reality. After what i experienced i have learned to live fully in present moment. this has been a problem to me and meditating has helped me. This was a very strong and profound experience to me but now if think taking psychedelics my mind hurts XD. the weird part is that i dont feel like ""normal"" human anymore. Im just me living my wonderful life. I feel like my mind has expanded and now i can feel love and life in everything.
 My friend has changed too and now we have a 200% respect between us.
 So this was my trip report. Again i am sorry for my grammar english is not my first language and my teachers always complains about my ""repeating"" habit.
 Thank you for reading it means much to me!
 Might write about my first LSD bad trip too.
 Mush love!"
"4.3g golden teacher trip report  Experience  Close  5  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  4.3g golden teacher trip report  Experience  4.3 g golden teacher trip report
 My dumbass deleted this so ill post it again.
 Warning: long post.
 so this is for you if you like to read trip reports like i do.
  some background information:  I am 16 years old male 170cm and i weight about 54 kg. im from Finland so my english is not so good. Some of you may judge me for my age but that's okay. I started smoking weed about 3 years ago. Took first tab of LSD last winter and first shroom trip about 2 months ago.
 My first LSD dose was about 70ug then second 140ug. Then there was a little break and next 3 times i got bunk acid. Then last summer i got myself 2 105ug blotters which were tested and contained dr.seuss 3.0 acid. That was the trip that changed me completely. Then a decent 150 ug trip. After that i got interested in meditating and exploring my mind and soul. So i have been meditating about a month now and practiced astral projection. My first shroom trip was about 2,5 grams of B+ shrooms. I have been diagnosed with major depression but after my first shroom trip i haven't been depressed at all. After i started meditating i have felt wonderful and alive every day, i have started to feel strong empathy for others and i love everyone and everything. I see art everywhere i go and i appreciate every little thing in world.
 I started this week with 210ug LSD and had a bad trip (i will probably post a trip report about that too). I was kind of scared to do the shrooms but i had to do it.
 Now to the trip. I took 4,3 grams and my friend about 1,7 grams and it was his first time with psychedelics.
 Its dark friday morning i woke up at 7.15 am took a shower and packed everything in my bag. I built a bottle bong for my hash. Called my friend everything was ready so we can go. We bought lemon juice for the lemon tek. Got in the bus that took us to another city.
 9.20 am. We got to our destination: a beautiful lake which was surrounded by thin fog. The fog was so thin we couldn't even see the island near our location. I had this thick ass blanket which i put on the ground next to a rock so we could lean on that. We put our grinded shrooms into cups and poured the lemon juice there.
 9.54 am. We drank the liquid and just leaned onto the rock. We talked a bit and i explained about shrooms and how they affect you.
 10.05 am. We are starting to feel something.
 10.20. I am coming up FAST i cant even move im just laying in the ground and try to put myself together so i can get up and take a piss.
 10.30 am. Taking a piss in the woods and everything is starting to look HD and clearer. I walk to my friend and i started laughing and couldn't stop: my friend started to change color first he was completely white then he turned pink then green and then blue. Then he started to laugh because i looked like a hindu because of my huge ass pimple in my forehead and he told me that we were in india.
 10.40 am. So now seeing eyes on trees and they start to breathe, morph and spin. I got in to the blanket and just layed down. The sedation was starting to overwhelm me i couldn't move or speak i closed my eyes and saw shit beyond explanation: beautiful patterns and colors.
 10.50 am. My friend started to smoke the hash and i just gazed at the smoke it was so beautiful i wanted to smoke but couldn't because i couldn't even raise my hand so i told my friend can smoke everything.
 11.00 am. Suddenly my friend started to get paranoid and wanted to leave. I told we could take a bus and go to my home. We packed the blanket and started to walk. Every step i took i noticed my effects grew 2 times stronger to the point i could not speak or walk. Only thing i said to my friend was i wanted to lay down or walk. My friend started to have a bad trip and started to freak out. So we walked into woods and it was like i stepped straight to another dimension: I thought i lost my sense of hearing but i just heard literally everything. The trees were talking to me there were different god like entities every where every sound that got to my ears echoed in my head every bird chirping every leaf that was moved by the wind.
 11.10 am. We found a little cute ""cabin"" so we went there i just lied on the bench and my friend sat down. Now he was losing his shit he started shaking and was telling me he is having a bad trip. So now im just gone i had total loss i did not have any sense of reality in this point. All i told him is you have to ""let go"", ""go with the flow"" and ""let it be"" these words are my mantra. So the problem is my friend has a fucking huge ego and has different personality for every person he knows only time he is himself is with me and our other friend which we will call John. So i told him he had to let go and just be one with the shrooms but hes greatest fear is to be not in control of himself. I closed my eyes and left this world i was somewhere where there was no time. I saw machine like patterns and colors. At this time i knew i had to calm my friend because he was getting me into bad trip. But to be honest at this time i was tripping so hard i didn't even know or feel the difference between good or bad trip.
 11.20 am. We left the cabin and started to walk again. My friend was totally losing his shit. He took a selfie every 2 mins because he had to be sure he was still here. He lost his touch to reality. At this time i knew i wasn't alive or dead i was just ""being"" i cant really explain this but i accepted everything and went with the flow.
 11.30 am. Now we are walking somewhere we never had been before and our talking sounded like this: ""i cant walk"" ""i know"" ""tree"" ""no"" ""where?"" ""forest"" ""no"" ""fuck"". Then i started to complain about i couldn't walk and i didn't know what to do. So my friend hates forests and nature but now he felt like the nature was calling him.
 11.45 am. so now we decided to turn left straight to the forest because we started to see other people. We found a huge cliff surrounded by trees. I threw the blanket on the ground and just collapsed onto it. We tried to talk but at this time we were just mumbling and we didn't make any sense at all. We started to listen music and we closed our eyes. I saw the music, i WAS the music, i saw the life behind the lyrics and instruments. So now it was too overwhelming and we stopped listening music. We called John and just screamed at the phone. He instantly knew he had to get there so i gave our location to him. Its about 1 hour and 20 minutes from where he was to our location.
 11.55 am. Now we tried to talk about how to speak and about reality and what the fuck is actual reality. Suddenly we remembered that we had egos but we did not have them now. Our egos and sense of reality was vacuumed from us and i completely accepted that but my friend still had some problems with accepting the ""way of the shrooms"". My friend started to watch teen wolf and he started to feel good.
 12.00 am. Now try to explain what i was experiencing. I looked at time it was 12.00 i started thinking about clocks. I saw every fucking clock in the world i started thinking how to build a clock. Now im thinking about building shit. My thoughts were racing i was thinking about my phone now im thinking about internet. I thought about the word ""internet"" i closed my eyes and saw internet. I saw every site i have ever visited, every thing i have searched. It just came to my mind all at once i saw everything, i was everything there is and everything there will ever be. I looked at the time again 12.02 pm WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. I thought i sat there for at least 20 minutes.
 12.03 pm. I press my head into my palms and my palms just morphed into my cheeks i watched the trees spin, breathe and morph. I saw some weird shit. I thought: okay John will be here soon, but no it has not even been 20 minutes. It felt like 5 minutes was 20 lifetimes.
 12.05 pm. Now i accepted the time does what it gotta do and i relaxed.
 12.10 pm. At this point our memory shortened to 0.50 seconds. We stood up and started to collect our shit and clean the place. We talked hysterically. I checked about 15 times that my airpods were in my bag because every time i forgot if they were there. Last time checked i started laughing because i realized i just forget every time that they are there.
 12.15 pm. Im standing straight then something hits me: everything just started to spin i realized i was blacking out. I told my friend that im going to pass out and then i fell. I hit my head onto something and passed out. I opened my eyes 10 seconds later and my friend told me he was going to take a piss. I was just laying there and thought i was going to die. Then i stood up packed my shit and we left. We walked until we found a buss stop so we sat there about 20 minutes.
 13.15 pm. The last hour was crazy. Every 20 seconds or so my eyes closed and i was somewhere else. We got to another bus stop and sat there. Then i grab my phone and suddenly remember John. I went to look for him in the snap maps and holy shit he was just next to us. I saw him walking just across the street. I screamed his name and he came to us. I just started hugging him and told him how grateful i was. My friend was relieved. We just yelled at him what the fuck just happened in the forest and that he pulled us out from another dimension. Then we took a bus. Whole bus trip i could not keep my eyes open. I was completely exhausted and tired. We got out of the bus and started walking near our homes. I was too tired to do anything so walking was hard.
 14.30 pm. We were sitting on a bench. I was totally wrecked wanted to go home to sleep. My friend laughing at shit we did. John explaining shrooms to my friend. My friend admitted he is a control freak, hates nature and has a huge ego and he had a hard time letting go. He thanked me about me telling him to let it be and let go because without that he would have lost his mind.
 14.50 pm. We visited my home where i changed my clothes and then went outside again. I had the ""yawning"" effect. I could not even speak because every 4-6 seconds i yawned and it was kind of fun. Then became the part i just fell every 10-25 seconds. My legs just went jello. John had to keep me up from falling. I had lost my muscle action and all my powers had gone away. This was very funny.
 15.20 pm. We are sitting on a bench just talking about shit and laughing. I felt like i was a little kid again 7 years old annoying little kid. I talked like a kid and it was just hilarious. Also my memory was fucked and every time i started to tell something i just forgot what i was saying.
 15.40 pm. Smoked some hash and went to movies.
 20.00 pm. Now at this point my mind was totally raped to every last bit of it. I had a headache which was not a ""ache"" i felt like my mind was tired and had to sleep.
 21.00 pm. Got to home at last. all this time i just wanted to hug my mom so i gave her the biggest hug i have ever given somebody. Told that i loved her and went to sleep.
 Now im still trying to build my sense of reality. After what i experienced i have learned to live fully in present moment. this has been a problem to me and meditating has helped me. This was a very strong and profound experience to me but now if think taking psychedelics my mind hurts XD. the weird part is that i dont feel like ""normal"" human anymore. Im just me living my wonderful life. I feel like my mind has expanded and now i can feel love and life in everything.
 My friend has changed too and now we have a 200% respect between us.
 So this was my trip report. Again i am sorry for my grammar english is not my first language and my teachers always complains about my ""repeating"" habit.
 Thank you for reading it means much to me!
 Might write about my first LSD bad trip too.
 Mush love!"
7 Years Nerve Pain :( Help  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  7 Years Nerve Pain :( Help  Hi Team, I've had nerve pain for 7+ years... Started in my right foot which is kinda just there now, its not intense but I can feel it vibrating/tingling... as of the last few years I've had a faint tingling on my hand and down the army. Suddenly, it has become intense, BIG electric shocks, painful chills, stabbing pain in my hand, and in other parts of my body. I get little muscle spasms during cold weather. I am also at the end of the rope. Work is really hard too.... I've been diagnosed with Major Depression which I am not medicated for atm which is purely as a result of the initial problem of the nerve pain... I was also diagnosed with Tarsal Tunnel Syndrome which to me was a blanket diagnosis.. I've had people throw the word CRPS around a few times over the years.. During my best days, I found exercise has helped. I would run 10KM's every second day, swim, play ball. Unfortunately, I tore my meniscus which is preventing me from self managing as well :(.. Ive been down the lyrica, gabapentin route and frankly I dont want to be on meds for the rest of my life..
90 days  Close  6  Posted by  12 months ago  Archived  90 days  Over the past 90 days I have lost everything. I have lost friends, I have lost my dignity, I have lost myself. In the past 90 days, I have spent 27 of them in a mental facility. In the past 90 days, I have gone to school a total of 7 times, maybe. In the past 90 days I have failed two classes due to mental illness, real or otherwise. In the past 90 days I have had the cops called on me 3 times. In the past 90 days I spent over 6 days worth of hours talking to my significant other, and it still isn't enough. In the past 90 days I have lost more then enough people's respect, and some even friendship. In the past 90 days I have contemplated suicide, homicide, dropping out, abusing girls, cheating, starving myself, self harm, whether it be cutting, burning, or other wise, I have thought of doing hard core drugs, smoking, and drinking. I have lost all sense of self worth, and can only find a few ways out. In the past 90 days I have been told numerous times that I am smart, talented, and wonderful to be around, and I have believed none of it, not a single word. I go to music as a support system, but in the past 90 days I have only picked up an instrument on about 12, if that, and my vocals are getting worse. In the past 90 days I have talked to too many girls to count, even while in a relationship, and yet still want to talk to more. In the past 90 days, I  have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Oppositional Defiance Disorder, Attentive Deficit Disorder, and maybe Anxiety, yet knowing these does nothing. I am going to fall down the cracks no matter what, but I need to build myself back up if I want to achieve my dreams and goals.
"A little bit of background before I explain what’s been going on:
   I graduated high school a couple months ago, and I will be attending college next month.
   I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety for five years (I have been over all consistent in taking my medication this summer)
   I have been experiencing sudden bouts of depression and anxiety since the last couple weeks of high school, around late May, characterized by sudden anxiety attacks, crying, and hopelessness. I first realized I was pushing my friends away just a few weeks ago in the middle of July. This is something that has genuinely never happened before in my life.
 Friends, and people in general, have always played a very important role in my life, and even in the hardest, darkest times of my life, I’ve always known I could rely on my friends to be there for me, and I would be there for them. I would undoubtedly isolate myself, but I’ve never been one to shut my friends out. Although I would often think about it, it was never something I could actually do, as I have always “cared too much” to leave anyone behind, even if I just wanted to be alone. I’ve always been a feeling person. I love with all that I am, but for some reason, in the middle of July, it feels as though that changed.
 In general my emotions have been hard to predict and process nowadays, as they seem to be more sporadic than ever. Generally speaking, I always say I’m fine because for the most part, I’m calm and a productive member of society. But the bouts have been getting more frequent and intense. It’s scary because lately I feel as though I am two people. I feel that way because the “fine” version of me disassociates with the anxious, depressed version of me, which I think is new for me, although nowadays I really don’t know. I write to cope, and there are entries in my journal, as well as random pages of paper, where I have written during the moments I completely spiral out of control, saying very depressing things I remember writing, but don’t remember actually feeling.
 I have a small group of friends, and each of them I care so much for. I worry that what’s going on with me is affecting my friendships. I’ve done my best to communicate that I’m going through something, and they have always understood, as each of them to some extent, can relate. And that’s the thing- all my friends are going through something. Everyone is going through something. I don’t feel like whatever I’m going through should be an excuse to not feel like picking up the phone and not being there for someone I care about. I feel so selfish. I have a friend who also struggles with mental health, even more so because of his environment at home. I want to be there for him when he’s struggling, and I always have been, but recently I just don’t feel like it, and I feel like a horrible friend because of that. I feel like he has it so much worse than me, yet he would drop everything for any of his friends, no matter how bad of a place he is in. Lately, I don’t feel like I’m doing the same for him, and I worry he takes it personally.
 Also, I have recently made a new friend who will be attending the same college as me who I actually connect with really well. She lives in a different state, but when she was here for orientation, we met up since I live half an hour from our school. I opened up to her a lot when we met, and she did the same. It went so well. I couldn’t believe how well it went. But FaceTiming her the next night, I felt like I was building a wall. I could see how much she liked talking to me, and she even said it. I like talking to her to, in fact, but the more she cares about me, the more bricks I add to the wall.
 In all my experience with mental illness, I have never experienced this, and it seems to be getting worse. Not only am I shutting out people who have always been close to me, I am shutting out people I could be close with."
"A lot of symptoms, too many diagnoses, looking for direction  Close  0  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   9 months ago  Archived  A lot of symptoms, too many diagnoses, looking for direction  I'm 25 years old and have been dealing with chronic illnesses since I was a young child. I am female. I am caucasian. I'm 5'3"" and 130lbs. There are so many things I feel like I do not have answers for and I've been at a wall for too long. I need answers,  but no doctor ever seems to have any for me. I'm seeing a rheumatologist in a few days but if that fails then I'm not sure where else to go.
 Current medications: Viibryd, xanax, ambien, introvale
 Some background:
 I had mono 3 times when I was younger.
 I have hereditary hemochromatosis.
 I've had multiple sinus infections within the past year, pneumonia three times in the past year, and bronchitis twice in the past year. It's been at least three months since I've had any of these, however.
 I've  been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety disorder, panic  disorder, alopecia areata, hypermobility syndrome, fatty liver disease, fibromyalgia, chronic  fatigue syndrome, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome, and  insomnia.
 I've had my thyroid checked many times. Apparently everything checks out.
 Once upon a time I was diagnosed with interstitial cystitis. I haven't had any problems with that in multiple years now.
 I  have to get blood tests done regularly because of my hemochromatosis.  My WBC and Lymphoctyes have been very high consistently for at least the  past year and a half (that's as far back as I have records for these in  my possession.)
 I deal with some type of virus at least once every two months it seems.
 I had my tonsils and adenoids removed about 8 years ago due to frequent sinus infections and strep.
 Family history: Grandfather on dad's side died early due to liver failure (was a heavy drinker, but also suspected he had undiagnosed HH), grandmother on dad's side just died recently at 76 due to brain tumor who also had diabetes. Mom is healthy aside from anxiety disorder and hypothyroidism. Dad is healthy aside from low HDL and elevated LDL and sleep apnea. Both grandparents on mom's side are alive, grandmother is 76 and grandfather is 81. Grandfather on mom's side had surgery for lung cancer, everything is now fine. Aunt on dad's side has lupus.
 Had an ANA IFA test about a week ago, came back negative.
 I  was always underweight. I'm not overweight now (I suppose), but I did gain 45lbs  very quickly out of nowhere, without any change of regular activity or  diet.
 My symptoms include frequent headaches occasionally migraines, joint and muscle pain and stiffness,  overall body pain, memory problems, confusion, trouble sleeping and  staying asleep, long periods of being incredibly low in mood, extreme  lack of energy, exhaustion/fatigue, occasionally losing chunks of hair  (alopecia, considering all things I do consider that a symptom),  anxiety, frequent dizziness, head fogginess, heart palpitations,  sensitive to heat/get overheated very easily, catch illnesses easily
 I  just want to know if someone has any direction for me. Maybe I'm in my 20s and deal with all of these things at once,  but I have a hard time believing there's not a collective answer that  would explain everything or at least most things. Especially since I have yet to have any good reason for why my WBC and Lymphocytes are always high. If there was at least I  could possibly have a way to feel better.
  
 Here were my most recent blood results, done at the beginning of this week:
 WBC: 18.2
 RBC: 4.62
 Hemoglobin: 13.2
 Hematocrit: 39%
 MCV: 84.4
 MCH: 28.6
 RDW: 12.1%
 Platelets: 322
 MPV: 10.9
 Granulocytes Abs: 1406
 Lymphs Abs: 6128
 Monos Abs: 1772
 Eosinophils Abs: 455
 Basophil Abs: 139"
"A Positive attitude,and Accountability  Close  6  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  A Positive attitude,and Accountability  “ That old nest of negativism followed me everywhere I went. ”
 ""A negative attitude is the trademark of active addiction.  Everything that occurred in our lives was someone or something else’s fault.  We had blaming others for our shortcomings down to a fine science.  In recovery, one of the first things we strive to develop is a new attitude.  We find that life goes a lot easier when we replace our negative thinking with positive principles.
 While a negative attitude dogged us in our active addiction, all too often it can follow us into the rooms of Narcotics Anonymous.  How can we begin to adjust our attitudes?  By altering our actions.  It isn’t easy, but it can be done.
 We can start by listening to the way we talk.  Before we open our mouths, we ask ourselves some simple questions:  Does what I’m going to say speak to the problem, or the solution?  Is what I’m going to say framed in a kind manner?  Is what I have to say important, or would everyone be just as well off if I kept my mouth shut?  Am I talking just to hear myself talk, or is there some purpose to my “words of wisdom”?
 Our attitudes are expressed in our actions.  Often, it’s not what we say, but the way we say it, that really matters.  As we learn to speak in a more positive manner, we will notice our attitudes improving as well.""
 That is from the daily reading I get sent to my email everyday and it seemed fitting for me today( It is an NA reading, but NA-AA, recovery is all the same I figure, I enjoy the readings. ) I need to continue to work on bringing a positive attitude with me wherever I go, as in active addiction, and even in sobriety I tend to be the negative worrying type. Although I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, it is something I can continue to work on.
 I called a few sober friends the other day, and one asked if I was still sober, I was able to say yes I am. I must remain sober so that I can provide support for my friends, and hopefully they can do the same for me. I am accountable for my sobriety TODAY, and I must continue to work towards improving myself.
 Have a good day guys :)"
"Academically Dismissed-- Please Help!  Close  3  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Academically Dismissed-- Please Help!  I just finished my 1L year. After this past semester, I was academically dismissed. Throughout the entire year, I received all B's, and one D. The single D brought down my semester GPA (not my overall GPA) just under the semester GPA minimum. I'm diagnosed with major depression and a panic disorder, and during the final where I got a D, I was experiencing bad symptoms from a change in medication. I had my therapist and my psychiatrist write letters vouching for the medication issue, and that I'm feeling much better since my medication has been sorted out, and I am fine to continue law school. Does anyone have any advice for writing my petition for readmission? How should I emphasize the fact that I've been an excellent student receiving all B's, and the reason for my dismissal was due to a medical issue? Thank you in advance for the help in this heartbreaking time for me.
  
 Edit: Grammar issues
 Edit 2: My petition for readmission was accepted and I have been reinstated a student! I'm so relieved."
"Accommodations for Mental Health  Teacher Support &/or Advice  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Accommodations for Mental Health  Teacher Support &/or Advice  Background: I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Social Anxiety, Panic Disorder, and PTSD. I’ve had multiple doctors tell me I qualify for a general anxiety diagnoses but it has not been officially diagnosed.
 This is my second year teaching. My first year went great but I switched schools and the school I am at this year is very rough. Not just for me, but it’s well known to be a rough school.
 The difficulties at this school have really taken a toll on my mental health. My principal has recommended that I seek out accommodations under the Americans with Disabilities (ADA) act. While I feel like this might be valuable it’s super scary to me since I really know nothing about this process.
 What are some possible reasonable accommodations I could receive? What has been your experiences with being an educator with accommodations? If you know of any good resources or websites I’m this topic, could you please comment them here?
 Overall, I hate feeling like a burden who needs accommodations. Typically, I can handle my disability with regular therapy, medications, and more general coping tools but the school I’m at really has taken a toll and surviving the second half of the school year seems to be impossible to me. I am looking for a position at a different school for next year (which my principal seems to support me in) but would very much appreciate some help with this process."
"Addiction and Early Recovery, My Story  Close  18  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Addiction and Early Recovery, My Story  Hi, here's my story. I'm Cody I'm an addict/alcoholic.
 I've struggled with addiction/alcoholism for a little over six years now (since I was 14 y/o). I've been physically and mentally addicted to pretty much everything. Opiates/Opioids; oxycontin, opium (those two are my drug of choice), oxycodone, hydrocodone, Benzodiazepines; Xanax, Ativan, Etizolam (a research chemical), Klonopin, Psychedelics; lsd, mushrooms, MDMA, Other; marijuana, Kratom, alcohol (primarily vodka), DXM, and even nutmeg.
 My addiction started out as experimentation, but surely enough it quickly turned into abuse (all drugs listed previously), which then quickly turned into dependency (Benzodiazepines, Alcohol, and Opiates/Opioids). I would do anything to get my fix; steal, lie, manipulate. I did everything high. I would be high everyday all day no matter what. I'd go to school high (highschool and the one college class I took; I took time off from school to work on myself and explore life. Evidently, that just resulted in me becoming an even more major fuck up junky), ironically skip class to get high too, go to work high, ironically also skip work because I was high, go on dates high, be with friends, family, and girlfriends high, go on hikes high, go to movies high, anything, etc. Then there was also the flip side to that; being dope sick all the time. I'd have to skip out on work, or hanging with friends, or family gatherings, or school because of it.
 I have been diagnosed with Major depressive disorder, social anxiety, and general anxiety since I was 10. I used drugs to self medicate, escape, feel something different, explore my consciousness, run away, or to honestly just get high. My using just made my depression worse. At the time it would relieve me of my depression and anxiety, but eventually it stopped working and had the opposite effect.
 With depression came suicidal ideation. I attempted suicide half assed a lot of times (via drug overdoses) that I wasn't hospitalized for. When I hit 18 I had four serious attempts that I was hospitalized for. (Emergency room and ICU). I was also put into four psychiatric hospitals, because of this. I almost died three of those times. The fourth and the last one I was successful. I had sudden cardiac arrest (SCA) on July 3rd, 2017. I had an overdose. I knew how much would kill me. The only reason I am alive is because of a random ambulance of my work that had no reason to be there at all. The EMTs preformed CPR on me for literally 10 minutes on the dot. I had no blood going through my organs for that time. I was dead. I experienced nothingness when I was dead. No God(s), spirits, deceast family, memories, or thoughts, not even blackness. Just nothing essence. They concluded that my heart went into a fatal arrhythmia, prolonged qt syndrome. This whole thing has resulted in PTSD. I get flash backs, nightmares, and panic attacks.
 The survival rate of SCA is 7 percent. After surviving my attempt a wave of clarity drifted over me. I experienced nothingness; I can't even really say I experienced nothingness since I experienced nothing, kind of a contractdiction. And then I was able to be aware again. For the first time in my life I was grateful to feel; feel it all, joy, pain, love, hate, peace, anxiety, hope, hopelessness, everything. I was done ruining relationships, being dope sick, chasing for a high, doing anything to get dope, failing at school and work. I was sick of what I've done and who I've become (a lot of guilt sunk in). This epiphany/clarity was the turning point in my life. For the first time I've become willing, open minded, and honest (with myself and with others).
 I went to a residental living rehab for 22 days in August 2018, and an IOP rehab for five weeks prior (2 months total). I'm going to NA and AA meetings on a daily basis (doing the 90 and 90); and plan on continuing to go to meetings daily. I have a sponsor, and I'm working the NA program (currently on step two).
 Right now I'm dealing with surrender and attachment issues. I've always felt alone my whole life. Even when I'm around people I feel alone sometimes, not all the time though. I have abandonment issues too. Family rejecting me because of my addiction (which I'm actually starting to heal those relationships back), friends and close friends, and best friends leaving me, and lovers leaving me. I've lost a lot of relationships because of addiction, because of my mistakes. And I'm still losing relationships even when I'm clean, not because of anything I've done wrong. I'm a loving, caring, and affectionate person when I'm clean.
 Back when I had my first serious suicide attempt my two best friends (I had moved across the country to be with them) kicked me out of the apartment because of my attempt and my addiction. I don't blame them. I don't think they knew how to handle living with someone who was suicidal and had attempted in our own apartment. Nonetheless, I was kicked out of where I lived at one of my darkest times. This is one of the ended relationships that hurt the most for me.
 One of my other serious attempts, my girlfriend at the time ended up leaving me and never returned to my life.
 And now that I'm clean I've had my recent girlfriend break up with me. She said we spent to much time together and that's why. Yet she never brought this up as a problem (I thought she enjoyed spending as much time with each other as I did). She only mentioned it once; that was when she broke up with me.
 One of my two best friends has recently, in the last three days, pushed me away and doesn't want me in her life anymore. I didn't do anything, I've always been supportive and caring to her. I'd listen to her talk about her problems for hours on the phone late at night. I'd drive two hours to hang out with her when she was in rehah.
 And my other best friend rarely talks to me anymore. We never hang out, even if I try too. I'm lucky if I get a text from him even.
 I just don't get it. I'm a great person when I'm sober, yet pepeople still are leaving me. I might not have the clarity to see why things are happening the way they are, but I have the clarity to know to work on loving myself. Loving myself means working on myself, caring for myself, being honest, open, and willing.
 I don't understand attachment yet. I have more of a Buddhist view on life. Attachment is suffering. I don't know how much attachment is healthy and how much is to much. What would life be without others? Would it be worth living alone? ""What is life without purpose? What is purpose withoht love?"" (La Dispute). Nothing is permanent. No materialistic thing, no place, no person, no thought, no memory, and definitely not even yourself/myself. Whether people leave your life, end the relationship, or die, they aren't going to be there forever. Only YOU will remain with yourself forever; and only I will remain with myself forever. This is why I need to learn how to love without attaching. Because I believe that one can love without attachment. Maybe this is unconditional love. To love without expectations. To love without ever wanting anything in return. I need to learn how to love this way.
 Thanks to anyone who read my long post. I had to get this off my chest.
 TLDR: I have been battling addiction for a little over six years (since the age of 14, now I am currently 20) and depression/suicidal ideation and anxiety for 10 years and PTSD for a little over a year. I had sudden cardiac arrest on July 3rd 2017 as a result of a suicide overdose attempt. I am currently in recovery and I am learning how to cope with guilt, shame, remorse, resentments, depression/anxiety, loneliness, and attachment. I'm learning how to love myself and be my own friend, and to care for myself."
"Adult needing guidance with Nparents  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Adult needing guidance with Nparents  Hello there, I just started lurking here recently and have commented on a few posts. I started on another website/forum 2 years ago about dealing with IL's and FOO relationships and found some pretty solid stuff regarding setting boundaries and focusing on my nuclear family. I thought I was doing pretty well with this and seemed to be in a good place with both my family and in laws. Then my sibling told me that our dad is a narcissist and recommended looking into this. Holy shit guys. This has really been eye opening. The other forum I was on dealt a lot with narcs and N behavior and it was something that crossed my mind when I was younger, but at the time I didn't think my father was ""social enough"" so I ended up gaslighting myself and dismissed the idea. But this has honestly been a lot for me to process. Everything is starting to add up and it's a relief to know and have validation that I'm not the crazy one! At almost 30 years old, I finally feel vindicated. I'm also realizing and my husband confirmed that MIL is a narcissist as well. Turns out my husband and I are both scapegoats. Currently no major conflict with either side of family. Here is my issue now: I don't know how to proceed with my extended family and in laws. I thought we were in an ok place, but knowing that my father and my MIL are narcs really has me second guessing that. We don't want our children to suffer the life of a SG. We refuse to let our children be victims of this shit. So our goal is to either go NC, or at the very least very limited contact. (1-2 short visits per year with each side of the family) To be honest, I worry that may even be too much to expose our children to. Ideally I would seek guidance from a counselor/therapist but either I'm very picky or have had shit luck when it comes to finding a decent therapist. I have seen several different therapists, counselors, psychiatrists, etc since I was 15 and only really liked 1. I tried last month with a referral from my primary physician and it was just ridiculous. The guy kept talking about himself and his family and even other patients! In the past I've been diagnosed with Major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder, although my anxiety is mostly related to social interactions. I know I have abandonment issues from different childhood traumas, and this new therapist also thinks I have PTSD as a result of that. While that makes sense to me, I can't go back to someone who was so unprofessional (and possibly violating HIPAA laws). So basically I'm looking for some guidance from adults who have navigated a similar situation. Is being a narc reason enough to go NC? If Nparents are ""behaving"" and we have set and enforced boundaries, are we overreacting to go NC or limit contact? I just feel like I need a good reason for it and idk if this epiphany is reason enough? In my experience, narcs never stop narcing so I'm leaning towards cutting ties before our kids are old enough to be influenced by Nparents. I have discussed this with my husband and he doesn't care whether we go NC or limited contact, and I honestly just don't know.
 Tl;Dr version: Husband and I just realized that our parents are narcissists, and we want to go NC or extremely limited contact. Is this realization enough reason to limit (or cut off) contact? If so, what tips/advice do you have for limiting contact without JADEing?"
"Advice for a longtime lurker...  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Advice for a longtime lurker...  Hello everyone. I’ve been lurking this subreddit for a while now. I’ve seen some wonderful advice given to others and thought maybe I could receive some as well.
 I’m a 24 year old openly out gay male. I’m about to turn 25 and I have been doing a lot of reflecting which has made me think I’m currently in a crisis? (Maybe a quarter life crisis?)
 Long story short: I live with two roommates (who happen to be my brothers but we are all so distant I consider them just roommates). We are not distant due to my sexuality. In fact, I’ve rarely dealt with much homophobia/discrimination. I think the three of us just don’t know how to communicate. It’s about to be 10 years since my father passed.
 My mother is also out of the picture. She left us to move to Texas (I live in New Jersey) because she thinks her children can live on their own and take care of themselves.
 Having never really had any parental guidance, I’ve made lots of mistakes. I’m currently in the middle of filing chapter 7 bankruptcy. Due to lots of psychiatric hospital stays/intensive outpatient programs. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, PTSD (from my fathers sudden death) and major general anxiety disorder. I’m on medication but I cannot afford to go to therapy.
 I live paycheck to paycheck. I work full time but have no college degree. Due to my situation I have to work full time to pay my bills and survive. I tried school but it wasn’t for me. Due to my overwhelming anxiety I could not do school and work. I had to drop out.
 I just would like to know... does life get better? I cannot even receive financial help due to having a job. My insurance is just awful. With a $7500 out of pocket max, it is nearly impossible to ever reach that to have assistance to go to therapy. Would therapy help me? At this point, I don’t even know.
 I have lots of anger in regards to my mother’s departure. She knows it. My brothers know it. Everyone knows it. She left us to rot and I have not found any sort of closure and/or forgiveness for her.
 I feel I have hit rock bottom several times.
 Any experiences or input would be appreciated. I don’t have any friends to talk to and my coworkers all say “just go to school and get a better job” even knowing my situation. I just don’t know where to go from here. It’s suffocating."
"Advice on being attractive with depression?  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  Advice on being attractive with depression?  Heads up: Some of this will sound like complaining, it's not.
 have been diagnosed with Major depressive disorder for about a year, and my situation has improved tremendously. Now that I'm back in school and on the right meds I feel like I'm back in control.
 However, there are times that I disregard everything that I've accomplished and thoroughly believe that I will go nowhere in a relationship ( which isn't my main goal in life, but I do want it ). I have noticed those times have been becoming more frequent. Some of it is because I had a bump in the road with a girl that I was really into. And even though I know I'm over thinking it I can't seem to stop myself.
 That one mistake has thrown my whole world off track. I know that it's my illness that's making me think this way, and having practically no experience makes me lose my confidence when talking to a girl. It makes me lose my attraction. I know what can fix it: be positive, be healthy, and most importantly be yourself. There are other factors I know, but I struggle with those three in particular. The trouble is putting into action, sometimes I just can't. My mind is so overwhelmed with poisonous and negative thoughts.
 I know this is ridiculous posting this, but I honestly just need advice. If you don't know that much about mental illness I'll answer what questions I can to hopefully clear things up."
"Advice on how to bring up ADHD as an adult to your Psychiatrist/ologist?  Questions/Advice/Support  Close  0  Posted by  4 months ago  Advice on how to bring up ADHD as an adult to your Psychiatrist/ologist?  Questions/Advice/Support  I'm 26 and have had issues with attention and memory for years, I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and General Anxiety. As my depression and anxiety have gotten worse over the years and trying to find the right medication to treat those symptoms, I find myself unable to keep up with school work and forget to do basic things. I struggle deeply with motivation and sleep. My psychologist has hinted at attention and focus being an issue but I'm afraid of bringing it up more to her and my psychiatrist. I have a fear of looking like I'm trying to push for ADHD medications... which I mean I kind of am because I'm desperate and would like to know what would help me. But being in college it's so common to see people selling their prescriptions to other people and I guess it's left a bad taste in my mouth.
 Any advice? Especially if any of you were diagnosed as adults?"
"Advice on pre-employment testing?  Close  0  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Advice on pre-employment testing?  First let me acknowledge that I know I am playing with fire by consuming weed and applying for jobs. Conventional wisdom would say ""get clean and shape up"" when applying for jobs, and I understand that by not having the substance in you, you won't have to worry about testing positive.
 That being said, I am currently applying for  (and interviewing for 🤞) a new job. None of the job descriptions or company websites that I have applied to explicitly reference pre-employment drug testing, compared to some descriptions that will have keywords like ""drug free workplace"" or required to pass pre-employment and/or random drug testing. I know that drug testing is still a common hiring practice however, and am just trying to prepare for how to tactfully approach testing positive for THC, if I run into this situation.
 I'll admit that when I was first introduced to weed, I was a college student and it was in the context of recreational use. However, I'm now 27 and I implement weed use in my life for medical purposes, although I am not a certified patient (medical only state). It is currently helping me with recovering from a physical injury, nausea due to medication side effects, getting a restful night of sleep (?) [I am diagnosed with a sleep disorder] and most importantly my mental health as I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety. Weed helps my mood tremendously and I think it is an invaluable tool for me. And no, I would not get high on the job; it's an after-hours medication for me.
 So, if I am faced with a job offer pending a passed drug test, what's a guy to do? I've read conflicting advice and wanted some feedback about my situation.
 Should I tell the hiring manager before the test that I will test positive for weed? Will the hiring manager be able to see the complete results of the drug test? I understand that some employers will have hard and fast, letter of the law, zero tolerance approaches and withdraw their offer. Do you think a hiring manager would have sympathy for me if I disclose that weed has helped me rely less on benzodiazepines, which are regarded to be detrimental to my health?
 Thanks for any advice or jokes made
 👍"
"Afraid to take Paxil  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Afraid to take Paxil  I have been subscribed 20mg of Paxil by my primary care doctor (it will take two months to see a psychiatrist). I have been diagnosed with major depression, anxiety, and PTSD symptoms.
 I am terrified of weight gain. Currently doing keto and lost 30 lbs. I have 40 more to go and will not take Paxil if it will impede my progress. Weight gain will depress me further.
 I tried Wellbutrin and it made me binge eat.
 Help!"
"After a long struggle with my insurance provider, I got approved for NeuroStar rTMS today!... Please help me make the most of it! (Questions included and Best Practices Requested)  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  After a long struggle with my insurance provider, I got approved for NeuroStar rTMS today!... Please help me make the most of it! (Questions included and Best Practices Requested)  Words can't begin to describe my cautious/reserved optimism about my upcoming rTMS treatments. I've worked so hard to get approved by my insurance carrier, as I am not able to afford out of pocket rTMS treatments.  I've long felt that anti-depressant, anti-anxiety, etc. meds only addressed the symptoms (even when they worked) and they do not attack the root cause of these mental health illnesses. From what I've read, both rTMS and certain psychedelics and other drugs (such as mushrooms, Ketamine, MDMA, etc.) are some of the most promising treatments to attack the source and attempt to restart/reboot and defrag my brain. I've never had an MRI done on my brain, but, I'd be willing to bet the farm that certain areas of my brain that should be ""lighting up"" are not and have not for a long time and I'm hoping the rTMS can get those synapses to fire again and find new pathways and ""light up"" again. So, I would just like to provide a little bit of information/background about myself and then list a few questions that hopefully some of you would be kind enough to answer or provide your experience/perspective. Also, sharing a summary of your experience and what worked, what didn't and when it started to click/work and you started noticing a difference would be super helpful.
 Background: I'm a 37-year-old male. I have been diagnosed with major depression, anxiety and OCPD (with is quite different than OCD). I believe my severe depression stems from a combination of nature and nurture. Specifically, Nature: Sadly, I've lost two members of my very close genetic family due to suicide. In addition, sometimes my depression comes on so strong for absolutely no apparent reason like a thunderstorm that comes out of nowhere. That leads me to believe I have a strong genetic/chemical/physical component to my depression, anxiety, and OCPD. Nurture: Yet, I have suffered some very significant trauma personally, as well. I had what I would call a nervous breakdown after my divorce in my mid 20's, but, my major depression had started before that in my early 20's. Setback after Setback and in many ways getting worse with each major blow/event has made it harder and harder to fight back. I'm a naturally a fighter in my heart, but, as a boxer could tell you, you can only take so many punches before you get knocked out. I'm sure my OCPD, perfectionism, being wound very tight, being extremely hard on myself and repressing negative events and emotions hasn't helped either.
 Major Questions:
 All my questions basically have the same theme... It has been almost impossible to get approved for rTMS and I may never get a chance again. The technology and FDA recommendations continue to evolve and change. Getting better now is better than later, but, how do I maximize my treatment today to get everything I possibly can out of it. As such...
 (1) Based on my background description above: If you had to throw out a treatment plan, what would it look like (technical stuff like which side of my brain, etc). I will also report back my proposed treatment/mapping and see if anyone significantly disagrees with it.
 (2) When I go in for my mapping, should I fib about my pain threshold to maximize my treatment? In other words, with longer daily treatments, and at higher frequencies is there evidence to suggest I have a higher chance or remission or improvement or am I just enduring unneeded additional suffering. I feel I can endure this sort of additional physical torture for 45 mins. each day if it increases my chances for remission or results.
 (3) Can I/Should I listen to music or watch a movie, etc. that will make me happy or sad or whatever emotion? Would that improve my results?
 (4) Does the model number of the NeuroStar matter? Do they receive firmware/software updates for improved treatment plans and how can I find out if my doctors neutrostar is up to date?
 (5) Is it recommended/do people usually continue to take their meds during treatment? If my goal is to be free of the meds, to the extent possible, should my treatment be med free?
 Thanks so much in advance and looking forward to hear any advice, recommendations, your experiences that may help me during my journey.
 Best Regards,
 Jack"
"Age feels like more than a number  REQUESTING SUPPORT  Close  0  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Age feels like more than a number  REQUESTING SUPPORT  To preface this post, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I'm on a mood stabilizer for both but lately... well...
 I turned 36 this summer and I've been spiraling into depression since. I restarted my life at 30, went back to school, pursued my passion, and have found some success in a highly competitive creative field. It hasn't led to anything really sustainable in terms of income which, being the good little capitalist, has made me feel less than worthless. I have no ""real"" career, no savings, no way to contribute to my household. I've already weathered the thing everyone in their late 20's goes through which is feeling left behind while your friends get married, buy houses, etc., but now I'm staring down the barrel of 40 with astronomical debt and completely dependent on my wife.
 Yes, I have a wife. She's my rock. She's been with me through good and bad but with this latest bout of bad I'm worried my mood is hurting her. We communicate and check in with one another often and I know she believes in me but... god I'm just getting so tired of feeling afloat without a mooring.
 I feel like I'm running out of time. I feel too old, too slow, too tired compared to people in their 20's who are doing what I'm doing and finding success where I feel I've stalled. I'm at a point where social media has become my enemy; seeing people a decade my junior finding success that I may never know. It makes me feel like... why bother going on?
 I've had issues with suicidal ideation in the past... but I'm not at the point where I once was. Instead, I'm starting to feel hollow... just gutted and unworthy. It hurts. I'm hoping to find some light... some assurance... that I still have promise and I'm not on a death march toward middle age."
"Ain't it funny how it happens?  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Ain't it funny how it happens?  A little over a year ago, things were going fairly well. I was in a relationship with someone I really loved and was fairly okay with where I was at in life. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, and general anxiety disorder since I was 12 (now 22). Things weren't all roses and sunshine: my relationship wasn't perfect, college was difficult, and my mental health issues were manageable but still present. Despite this, I felt alright. Secure. Content. Ain't it funny how that can change?
 Over the last year, I have lost the only woman I have ever truly loved, lost the man whom I look up to, and have come close to losing my place at college.
 Since February of 2017, it has been a constant downward spiral into self-loathing, anger, shame, regret, obsession, and fatigue. This year, I have been to the psych ward, changed medications multiple times, been off and on with self medication, self harmed, had short, unhealthy relationships, and struggled to maintain my school and work.
 A large part of the way I feel is due to my ex. This is further compounded by my OCD. I think I can truthfully say that a waking hour hasn't passed without thinking of her. I check every car that passes me on the road to see if it is hers. I examine the parking lot of every building I visit to see if she is there. Any woman I see that even  vaguely  looks her requires a triple check to see if it is her.
 I want to clarify that my obsession isn't ""creepy"" for lack of a better term. I don't want to see her. We broke up in March and the last time I spoke to her was the first week in April. I go out of my way to avoid her. I avoid going out in public in general because I really don't want to see her. Obviously, she dumped me after almost 2 years in a really shitty way. While I am very, very hurt, I don't wish her anything bad. Seeing her just brings up so many painful memories and I compulisvly avoid any situation where I have even the slightest chance of seeing her.
 This has taken a toll on me. I know obsessing over this person is silly. I am aware that no good can come from it. I cannot shake it. My OCD coupled with my depression and anxiety makes every day agony. Like I said before, med changes and treatment isn't working. The constant rhumentating thoughts about this girl makes me feel extremely depressed about myself and I get so anxious about what I could have done differently in our relationship and when I might see her next. I get debilitating anxiety attacks. Days where I see her make me retreat to my apartment where I binge drink, shake from the anxiety, and cry uncontrollably.
 I can tie a slipknot out of a HDMI cord with my eyes closed. I know the perfect 12 gauge load to use for maximum effect. I know how many milligrams of my medication it would take to stop my breathing. Suicidal thoughts are seemingly constant. I haven't attempted, but I have been very close to attempting more than 3 times in the last year.
 I don't think I can go through another med change. I am so tired. The only thing that has prevented me from ending is my family. I love them a lot and I don't want to hurt them. I feel ashamed of why I feel the way I do. I feel weak. I want to rest. These feelings have been constant for almost a year now. If you made it this far, thanks for reading."
"AITA For Having Depression  Not the A-hole  Close  0  Posted by   Partassipant [1]   1 year ago  Archived  AITA For Having Depression  Not the A-hole  Hear me out. I know that mental illness isn't the person's fault, and I know that it's not something that easy to fix. But I need to know if I'm an asshole for acting the way I do because of it. I (19 F) am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety, and PTSD. For the past month, I've been having breakdown after breakdown, followed by periods of emotional numbness and sometimes hostility, but an overall general feeling of hopelessness and self-hatred. During these times, my spouse (24 M) has been by my side through the whole thing. There for me when I need him and so on. However, when I get depressed, I feel like I'm making him feel like I don't appreciate what he does for me. Whenever I get like this, I always feel like I'm making him feel not good enough to make me happy or like he's not a good husband, which is far from the truth. No matter how many time he tells me that I'm wrong and that he loves me and he's alright, I can't help but feel like he's only telling me that to make me feel better, and that he actually feels how I think he does. The tiny logical part of my brain says that it's the depression, but everything else is telling me that I'm just a burden on him and that he deserves so much better than a whiny girl with mental issues. He has such big dreams and potential, but every time he comes up with some convoluted idea, I shoot him down. He says this is me bringing him back to Earth and that he needs someone like that, but again, I feel like that's just him saying that to make me feel better.
 I genuinely am not sure how to process these emotions, and I'm probably posting on the wrong subreddit... but I need an unbiased 3rd party to tell me whether or not I really am an asshole.
 EDIT: Grammar"
"Alexandria Sucks At Being A Grandparent  Alexandria  Close  149  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Alexandria Sucks At Being A Grandparent  Alexandria  It’s been a while since I’ve written about Alexandria, or about any of her JNMIL-ness, and mostly that’s because she has been mildly hiding in the background observing the scenery, readying herself for some small strikes.
 I have been on an information diet with her for a few years now, and unless I am specifically talking to her about a need-to-know bit of information about DD, I typically don’t talk to her. She just uses every ounce of information I give her as a tool against me.
 In my first post (See bitchbot, I think it was 60th Birthday Party) I wrote about how Alexandria brought up my mental health, and how it would later become a trend/issue in my life. There are many stories I can tell to share her hatred toward anyone deemed tarnished by mental health problems, but here is a current event, that has become a pressing matter that I am dealing with.
 For the record, I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, General Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and RESPECT. Haha, little joke. Two are genetic, and one is traumatic. I have been through about 10 very serious traumatic events in my life, most caused by my family, that have caused the depression and anxiety to intensify.
 Unfortunately, the General Anxiety Disorder was passed on to my DD. She inherited ADHD from her father, and is presently dealing with un-regulated sporadic behavioral issues that typically befit an ADHD kid. Up until about 4 weeks ago, she went to school part-time, and was homeschooled the other portion of the time, in order to give her respite from her psychological troubles, and to not overwhelm her. About 4 weeks ago the medication she was taking for her ADHD stopped working, and she turned into a fragile flower, needing constant hugs, and 3-5 doctors appointments to get through the week. She is suffering, and really having trouble coping.
 Back to Alexandria. Knowing her penchant for judging those with mental health issues, I’m sure you can assume what she might think about DD’s situation. She has seen DD 2 times during this month, and both times, I have warned/advised her that DD is fragile and needs to be treated with gentleness. To Alexandria, this means nothing. When she has seen DD, DD has been happy, and smiley. She has been excited to see her grandmother. Therefore, there must be no problem.
 So, last Friday, EXH was supposed to have DD. He knew of her problems, and what her medical team and myself are doing to try and help her. He had been told that his parents/mother, was not treating DD well, and was ignoring her issues. In his wisdom, he dropped DD off for his whole weekend, and left Alexandria unchecked. When DD returned home to me Monday morning, it wasn’t 5 minutes before she was sobbing. She had held it together while she had been there, because she didn’t want grandma and papa to be mad at her for crying (they have belittled her for crying), and waited until she was home with me. I’m her security blanket.
 I wanted to plan her funeral. No one messes with my daughter! But, I didn’t want DD to think that anything was wrong, because she loves these people, and they are important to her. So I asked DD what happened over the weekend. DD laid out the abuses. Alexandria had ridiculed DD for no longer going part-time to her public school, and stated she needed to talk her Mommy and Daddy into getting her to do homework from public school (like go pick up paperwork from the school even though she no longer goes there). I recently let DD choose her haircut, so she could have some autonomy, and I told all of the grandparents, so they could be supportive. Alexandria criticized DD’s choice, telling her that Mommy always chose to ruin Christmas photos by cutting DD’s hair just before Christmas.  She told DD that she didn’t have anxiety, that it was just all in her head, and that She (Alexandria) sometimes felt anxious, and when she did, she would just think it away! This just made my daughter think that she was broken, because grandma could fix herself, and she couldn’t. And lastly, she took DD to church two days in a row, without asking permission, knowing her father and I don’t approve, and after I sent a letter to the Church removing DD and I from the church roster, telling them that we would not be returning.
 DD had a complete breakdown. It took 2 hours to calm her down. It was a full weekend of abuse and emotional pain that she was shedding, and she couldn’t vocalize it until she was done with the attack. I sat and held her and cried with her, wanting to rip Alexandria’s hair out. How could she do this to her own grandchild?
 Once DD was calmed down, I settled her in to our routine. She was able to do some school work, and in between I let her play, and things began to normalize. That is, until she broke down again. Over and over she broke down about what had happened at Alexandria’s house, and almost never about what FIL contributed to the equation. We all know that in a Narc situation the non-narc is usually the enabler, and he very much was, in this situation.
 So I began to craft some hate-mail. This letter included everything that Alexandria had ever done to me, and all of the things that she had done to me in front of my child, that would affect my child, everything she had done to DD’s dad, that I had observed, that would affect my child, and everything that she had done to my child. The letter was at around 6 pages before I finally stopped writing and gave it up. Instead, I used it as a tool for venting. Soon after, I gave ExH an ultimatum.
 I had warned his mother, and had told her that she needed to be gentle with our daughter. I explained to him that she was using DD as a tool for her own gratification, rather than allowing her to be a kid, and a child who was loved by their grandparent. I went into detail about what had happened, what major behaviors I wanted to stop, and that he needed to finally stop being a passive participant in protecting his child. His parent was harming her, and it was now his job to stand up and take care of the issue. And if he didn’t, I was going to stop all communication with Alexandria/FIL, and cease to allow them to see DD going forward. I did also add that if their behavior regarding the things I listed, didn’t change, that would also result in them not seeing her anymore.
 This, after years of inaction, finally got him to do something. I don’t know what. He says he spoke to Alexandria. Who knows what he said? I’m hoping for a change, but I doubt quite seriously that she will stop being the terrible person that she is, for anyone. Even her narc-supply.
 As for my DD, I just hope to be the best mom I can, and cuddle her and love her as much as I can. She reminds me a bit of Stitch, from Lilo and Stitch, at the moment. He was volatile and crazed for a while, but really, he was just fragile, and wanted to be loved. That’s really what my DD is. She just wants to be loved, and to be shown it, the right way."
All i want to do in life is become a professional Dota 2 player. As of late though i haven't been making progress, any this fact is killing me. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, centering around my lack of self confidence. This makes playing the favorite game, and my passion as if i win, i feel as if i still did poorly. If i lose all the blame rest on my failure, and if i don't play, it feeling like i am not trying hard enough to get better. The has lead me to try and give up on Dota entirely, but i don't want to, it is my life goal, but it is starting to push me past my limits and sometimes i just want to down all my anti-depressants at once and OD. I mean if you don't have any dreams or aspirations what is the point in living? I have also tried to think of other things i can set as my life goal, but will i just give up on them when they get difficult as i have Dota? It is almost as if i can't have life goals or dreams. What is the best way to get out of this loop? How can i follow my dreams without feelings of failure destroying my passion and determination?
"alright, I'm a 22 year old male kv. I know I'm not that old yet but hear me out.
 I'm an international student in the US. I'm away from all my friends and family. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety 2 years ago and I've been taking medication. I'm also 260lbs, 5'9"".
 I've been trying to lose weight for the past year or so. I was 280lbs at my heaviest, so I'm making SOME progress, sure. but  it keeps getting harder and harder. not to mention, weeks of diligence and dieting can be undone by just 1 slip-up. It is really difficult.
 I'm been obese since I was a child. My eating habits are basically hard wired. for me to reach my goal weight, I have to stay at a caloric deficit consistently for 1~2 years. every minute of every hour of every day of those years I have to feel hungry. on top of that, I'm stressed from university, and my loneliness accentuates my depression.
 **it's just not fair. **
 I'm just * one person* . I try really hard. But with all this I'm bound to mess-up. I'm trying to be positive. I have a 3.6 gpa. I am on a scholarship so I am financially secure. I did lose about 20lbs. and I still do have friends and family back home.
 BUT
 that does not make: -dieting everyday -exercising every other day -doing 16 credit hour course work -dealing with clinical depression and anxiety -dealing with crippling loneliness every day
 any easier. especially when I see people every fucking day have and enjoy what I don't have.
 I cannot do anything to be happy. If I stay hungry and diet, I feel like shit all the time. If I mess up and eat something, I immediately feel like shit afterwards.
 **the hunger, loneliness, stress, and depression/anxiety all mix together. it just feels horrible. **
  PS, this is what I look like"
"Alt treatments for lethargic depression  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Alt treatments for lethargic depression  Throwaway account for obvious reasons. Sorry for the wall of text - TL;DR at bottom.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder since I was 12 - I’m 20 now. I was on a cocktail of SSRI’s in my teens - Zoloft, Abilify, Wellbutrin, and others I don’t even remember. Once an anti-anxiety was added as well. Nothing really worked - most, like Zoloft, made me into a zombie with no lows or highs.
 I haven’t taken antidepressants since I was 17-18 because I moved out and couldn’t afford them - and besides, nothing really helped.
 I’ve been powering through on my own since then. Moved states, have a (high stress) job I love, my roommate is my best friend, three cats, awesome apartment, supportive boyfriend.
 But all the feelings are still here.
 Mostly, my depression manifests lately as low energy, severe lethargy, sleep issues (no problems falling asleep - but waking up multiple times a night, and issues waking up in the morning, sleepwalking, etc) no motivation, and low moods.
 My tax returns are coming back and I recently got a small raise, but I am decidedly low income and don’t have health insurance.
 My boyfriend was recently prescribed Adderall for his ADHD, and he gave me a few to try to help me at work.
 Holy fuck. I feel like a normal person again. I don’t feel high - I just feel okay. For once in my god damn life. Getting out of bed is still ridiculously hard, but once I take even a half pill, I’m fine. I can get my work done, I stop putting things off. I can fold my god damn clothes now instead of leaving them strewn around my room. I can do the dishes!
 Every single god damn task seemed insurmountable before, no matter how insignificant. For fuck’s sake - I want to paint again. I haven’t done that since I was a teenager, and it used to be my only joy.
 When my tax returns come back, I’m going to get a gym membership, and ration the rest for healthy food, vitamins, etc to try to naturally treat my depression as well. I don’t want to rely on the chemical aspect - but god damn is it a start.
 My question is this - is Adderall a feasible treatment for my depression, when all other chemical aids have failed me?
 Second question - how do I get a psych or general physician to prescribe it rather than making me a Zoloft zombie again?
 Third - has this worked for anyone else?
 TL;DR - treatment resistant depression manifests as no motivation and extreme lethargy - took Adderall and experienced a 180 and felt normal for the first time in years. Could this be the treatment I’ve been missing? Has it worked for anyone else?"
"Am I a LVW or is he a LVM?  SEEKING ADVICE  Close  16  Posted by   Throwaway Account   1 month ago  Am I a LVW or is he a LVM?  SEEKING ADVICE  Sorry for the formatting and length.
 I have been in a relationship with my boyfriend for three years. Beforehand I was ra**d by someone my boyfriend and I both knew. We had a rich sex life for the first year, but I have since developed sexual repulsion due to the aforementioned assault. Now, we have not had sex in two years and he does not let me forget it. He reminds me any other man would have left, that he just wants to be with me, that he is having a hard time feeling my love, and that he just wants to be with me. He also states that he doesn't understand why it changed, which is fair because neither do I.
 Here is where things get really hard for me. This is my first boyfriend, I don't know how he is supposed to act, or how I am. Also, I have friends who talk about their sex lives, and I simply can no longer relate. I do feel somewhat at fault because after this sexual repulsion set in it has taken me two years to get help. I partially wanted it to subside on its own, and partially wanted to just not fucking deal with it. He knows most of this aside from my aversion from seeking help.
 I'm starting to have a problem with the way he has been treating me though, and conversations with him are not easy. I am prone to crying, I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder as well as generalized anxiety disorder (because who the fuck isn't?) and he acts like it is a mindset. He recently told me he thinks I chose to be dressed, that he thinks I want to wallow. Following this with ""I am saying this because I know you are strong and I don't want to see you like this."" He also claims I make him feel like the bad guy when I react negatively, crying, or shut down at conversations involving my behavior, or his. Additionally, we have been spending time with girls I work with and their partners, and we get pretty drunk. The first time, he kept shushing me and getting me to eat and drink water when I felt ok (which granted is not wrong, but the reasoning is what upsets me) the next day he said: ""I did not want you to be the loud, obnoxious drunk at the party."" This prompted me, of course, to apologize to my friends the next day, to which they said: ""You were totally fine, what are you talking about."" Last night we went out to my friends' again and when dealing cards while drunk I knocked over a bottle and he disapprovingly said ""Ok, I'll do it now,"" and I said I was in control (I would have done it 100% sober I'm just kind of stupid and uncoordinated) and my friend said ""Short of setting this place on fire, you can to anything here, its ok.""
 I don't know. There are moments where I love him wholeheartedly and he takes care of me, and I know I am not an easy person to have any kind of relationship with, but sometimes he just makes me feel worthless. He is not the only one to do that. But we live together, own two cats together, and typically get along. We have consistent fights about my ""abandoning him"" at social functions where I am enjoying myself with friends and he refuses to participate, without my constantly ensuring he is ""ok and having fun,"" I feel like he is a grown-ass man and can do that himself, as well as sex, and our relationship.
 Bonus story: the reason I am writing this is that we are at my parents' house doing laundry and I mentioned a class I have in which I have to lead a discussion. I was complaining that I got a 60% the last time I lead the discussion (which was on animal-cruelty) and stated to my parents that it was because I talked too much about being vegan. To which my boyfriend and my father both said ""yes, because that wasn't the topic, and (essentially) you deserved that grade"" I got upset and shut down, my bf then asked why I got upset and I said because you just told me I deserved that grade. He and my father both said ""you weren't listening"" and my boyfriend continued with ""you were not on topic, so if I was that professor I would have given you that grade too"" and that really fucking upset me. He thinks he is giving me helpful ""tough love"" and ""putting things in perspective for me"" (both things he frequently tells me when I get upset about his inputs) but it is just making me feel more worthless than I already do. I have a 4.0 GPA and this grade is very important to me, and he is sitting here telling me I don't know how to do this. Additionally, all of the friends I have told about this grade say ""Being vegan is on the forefront of the responses to animal cruelty"" which was also my perspective. They may just be saying this to support me, and my boyfriend might be right, but I feel fucking worthless.
 So here I am, sitting in my parents' spare bedroom, crying, and writing this in an attempt to seek out answers."
"Am I Becoming an Alcoholic?  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Am I Becoming an Alcoholic?  I don't drink very frequently and I don't drink to get completely wasted. Lately, I've noticed when I have a nice buzz going on I become more focused.  If I'm doing some work or homework, I actually manage to sit down for a few hours and grind through it. It's such a relief to be able to have one continuous stream of thought. When I'm sober everything distracts me. This isn't an exaggeration. I can't manage to sit down for more than 10 minutes let alone work efficiently. It's a struggle and tasks that normally take 15 minutes take me an hour to do. My attention span has gotten short to the point where I can't watch TV shows or YouTube videos that I normally would enjoy.
 This scares me a lot. I don't want to become dependent on alcohol and I'm afraid I might let myself abuse it based on the idea that it makes me efficient. I haven't been checked for ADD but I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and chronic insomnia. Its been years since I've been to therapy or seen a psychiatrist. What do I do?"
Am I Depressed?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Am I Depressed?  I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and General Anxiety disorder. I'm 43 and my life has imploded on itself. I've been depressed since before I could drive, but I've been on a steep downhill curve for the last 9 years, when I had a major illness and barely survived.  The last two times I've tried to have a job and a life I fell in hard with substance abuse and self-destructive/suicidal behavior. Between these episodes I feel nothing. I have no motivation for even the smallest things like showering or brushing my teeth. I just don't care. I either sleep too much or not at all. Is this depression or laziness? I haven't worked in a few years. I was a successful computer programmer but my last break down took my career with it. I struggle with cutting and suicide. But I feel like I'm too old for these things. Shouldn't I have move past them when I shook off the last of adolescence? I'm genuinely at the point where I don't know what to do. I've applied for disability because I've been off work for so long but I want to work, I just don't know if I can. The last time I felt this uncertainty I went back to work and wound up in a mental hospital. I used to cry and suffer endlessly, but the anti-depressants and anti-psychotics have left me a zombie. No motivation (which I know can be another symptom of depression), no desire, just self-hatred and a vague sense of sadness about how it has all turned out.  But I read the posts on here I feel like I'm a middle-aged poser in a group of people who really are suffering. So as dangerous as this is to ask, am I depressed? To a group of people who genuinely would know, probably better than the doctors, what real depression is, I put the question: is this real or just lazy self-indulgence?
"Am I dissociating?  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  Am I dissociating?  Sometimes I get into a state that feels very unlike me, and if anyone who knows me is a witness to it, they get really worried. Which always seems odd to me, because I'm completely calm. I wouldn't call it an ""emotional state"". More like an ""emotionless state"". There are emotions leading up to it. This time it was sadness (that's the closest word but it doesn't seem right). I can't remember if anger or other negative emotions have led to it.
 My face feels like a mask hanging from my head. If I'm speaking to someone, my tone comes out flat. If I'm alone, even my inner monologue takes on a flat affect. I'll sit very still or move more slowly and deliberately than usual. I'll feel even more disconnected from my body than usual.
 But my thoughts are clear, objective, so logical as to be divorced from emotion. When I'm in this state I can see patterns and make connections that might usually elude me because I have such strong emotions. I feel as if I can untangle the mess that is human interaction, I can see a sequence of cause and effect like a row of dominoes leading up to the very moment before this state of mind comes over me.
 Even though I know this is out of the ordinary for me (of course I do, this objectivity even extends to looking critically at myself with no bias, negative or positive), it doesn't worry me. If I feel anything at all during this state, it's either slight puzzlement at what may have caused it, or... something I can hardly describe. A sort of serene confidence that borders on a spiritual experience. As though disconnecting from my body and emotions is allowing me to connect with something higher than that. But if I ever consciously think about that, I usually dismiss it because it's not logical enough. I could only come up with these words by intentionally trying to reconnect with emotions. It doesn't feel like I'm having any, but if I really dig deep for them, that's what I come up with.
 People who see me when I'm like this describe it as cold, or sometimes sad. I asked the only person who has seen it more than once what other words they might use, and they came up with ""stoic"". One time they said I was ""cold and calculated.""
 Is this dissociation or something else? I'm diagnosed with major depression, generalized anxiety, dependent personality disorder, and avoidant personality disorder. I suffered from mild PTSD after an emotionally abusive relationship I escaped from almost 2 years ago but I'm mostly asymptomatic now. I suppose any of these conditions could cause dissociation, so if that's what it is, how can I know where it's coming from?"
"am i having a nervous breakdown?  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  am i having a nervous breakdown?  i'm a college dropout. my ADHD and anxiety and depression was too much to keep going in school. my family has themselves convinced that they'll make me go back someday, but i don't know if i'll be alive that long.
 last night, i learned that two of my former friends (separated just by consequences, not because they're jerks or anything) are roommates in college.
 and i cracked.
 I tried to choke myself, and was about to pass out when i thought ""this is stupid"" and untied myself. I resolved to hurting myself in some different ways for the rest of the night, eventually crying myself to sleep.
 this morning i woke up feeling like I was run over by a train or two. i'm extremely dissociated. I tried climbing out my window to possibly jump off the roof, but i didn't have enough energy to push myself up.
 do i need to go to the hospital or something? i would hate to, since my birthday is in less than a week, but, idk.
 i'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety, ADHD, and schizotypal personality disorder if that helps with any tips, i guess."
"An Ode To Ariana  Discussion  Close  111  Posted by  2 months ago  An Ode To Ariana  Discussion  First time poster, long time lurker here. I have always loved Ariana from the jump, I thought she was down to earth, super real and just a genuinely nice person and good friend. I truly didn’t think I could love her more until this weeks episode.
 I identify as bi, and have been diagnosed with major depression. To watch her discuss this and be so honest and real the past two episodes has really hit me hard. When she was talking to Tom about wanting to leave her life I started tearing up with her because it was like my own thoughts and the darkest parts of me that I’ve only admitted to myself and my husband were being spoken by someone so strong and beautiful on a public stage. I have such a newfound respect and love for her as a person and to see so much of my own struggle on a huge tv show really broke my heart for her.
 I have friends who after watching this episode said that they thought Ariana was being a victim and made everything about herself, which made me think, is that what my friends thought about me too when I was going through such a similar situation? Of course she didn’t feel like she had a safe place with her friends with how much shit they all talk about each other she knew they were doing the same about her!
 Anyway. Thanks for coming to my TED Talk, I just really felt such a strong personal connection to this episode and had to talk to someone about it"
"An Unhealthy Escape, or How I Turned Lucid Dreaming into a Bad Thing  Close  32  Posted by   Natural Lucid Dreamer   5 years ago  Archived  An Unhealthy Escape, or How I Turned Lucid Dreaming into a Bad Thing  First of all, I'm one of those natural lucid dreamers, and I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder as well as OCD.
 So last year, I went downhill fast. I thought I had been doing well, but I had a bad relapse. I was busy with work and school, so seeing my friends wasn't something that happened as often as would have been helpful. My parents didn't really understand, as cliche as that sounds, and we were arguing constantly. There were few places I considered locations I felt okay in, and even fewer chances to get to those places.
 Something I realized, however, was that I didn't have these constraints in my dreams. If I wanted, I could have full control. If I wanted, I was free and no one could tell me what to do.
 So, I started sleeping as much as possible. Some people turn to drugs, art, sex, or another way of coping, healthy or not. I turned to dreaming. It gave me that control and escape I needed so badly.
 But like everything, it was bad in excess. I couldn't just escape my problems by sleeping it off and living in my dream world, even though I would have preferred it that way.
 I'd love to say I cut off my habit myself, but I wasn't nearly that motivated. The doctors said I needed to change my sleep schedule; that it was making things worse. I went through light therapy, and I had to stop all the times I would go to sleep to get away from everything.
 Nowadays I'm doing much better, but just thought I'd share that even lucid dreaming can be bad when used in the wrong way. Stay well, friends!"
"Anger from a panic attack so bad I had an out of body experience  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Anger from a panic attack so bad I had an out of body experience  I [21F] am diagnosed with major depressive disorder with anxiety and chronic PTSD. I'm not on meds but I go to therapy weekly. Today I had an out of body experience while I was angry. I have been anxious from a serious conversation with my boyfriend yesterday and the anxiety carried in with me through today. I was upset that a friend hadn't responded after I told her I was having a hard time and I just completely blew up. She never responded to any of it and blocked me. When I was angry I felt like nothing was real and I was just watching it happen. I felt like wanting to strangle something but I was so paralyzed in my bed. I really felt out of control. I snapped out of it and profusely apologized in an email, but I probably ruined the friendship.
 Has anyone ever felt this way? I used to lash out easily in high school, but I can't remember something being to this level. I think it may be linked to my PTSD but I also know I suck.
 I"
Antidepressants and Lucid dreaming  Close  5  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Antidepressants and Lucid dreaming  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Anxiety disorder. I have been interested for a long time about lucid dreaming and had few vivid dream before. I suddenly realized that when I started taking my meds which are antidepressants and low dose of antipsychotics I have been constantly dreaming so vividly and remembering so clearly day after. I sometime keep track and take notes of some of my dreams specially when I still remember them hours later after I wake up. Sometimes I even remember them for days. These happens almost daily since taking my medication and I was wondering if anyone encountered the same experience. This is my first reddit post btw.  ☺️ DISCLAIMER: I'm not suggesting this as a method to have lucid dreams. Like I said I was diagnosed and on medication. Please don't use un prescribed drugs. This post is just to identify with other people who had the same experience. Thank you
"anti-depressants that don't cause migraines or low libido  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  anti-depressants that don't cause migraines or low libido  Hi, everyone.
 I've been on Celexa for many years, and I never realized it was causing low libido until I started a new relationship.  I just don't really want to have sex, pretty much ever.  I'd like to change this, but I don't want to affect my mental health either.  My depression is chemical in nature and if I go off an SSRI, it's extremely likely I'll experience a recurrence.  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder recurrent.
 That said, I used to be on Wellbutrin.  I switched when I realized it was causing me to experience severe migraines on an almost daily basis to the point where I had to take medical leave from work and university.  I still get headaches now, but not nearly as bad or as debilitating.
 From the research I've done, it seems like my only options are A) migraines, or B) low libido.  Isn't there a happy medium?"
Anxious around my partner  Close  2  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Anxious around my partner  For the past few days being around my partner and being affectionate has led to horrible anxiety to the point i have to go to the bathroom to puke. It's horrid and unbearable and i just want it to stop. This is my last day with her cause she's going to school 3 hours away from me. It sucks cause i wanna enjoy my last day with her for awhile but the thoughts are to horrid and on the way up here we both started crying about it. I haven't been diagnosed with OCD but i have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety and for awhile my symptoms have been almost completely like Rocd
"Any advice or help please  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Any advice or help please  I have researched fibro for about two months now. I am convinced I have it. I've had countless amounts of blood tests. I was diagnosed with pernicious anaemia in July last year. Getting treatment for it. They then checked for rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory diseases and even cancer. All came back fine.
 I'm in agony all the time. My buttocks, my thighs, my calves, my neck, shoulders, back and arms. They feel bruised on the inside. I can't explain it very well. Sometimes the pain is sharp and unbearable. Other times it's dull but constant and still unbearable.
 I've been prescribed codeine, tramadol and now I'm on gabapentin as well. I've been told to increase to 600mg three times a day. Has anyone had any luck with this?
 The codeine helped at first then stopped, the same thing has happened with the tramadol now. I do everything to help the pain, take boiling hot baths each evening, wear heat patches on my butt and back while I am at work and then a hot water bottle at home.
 My cousin was diagnosed a while back and she has been giving me tips. Said keeping warm is the best thing. I bought a hat, gloves and scarf. I wear layers and layers of clothes but at work I have to wear a tunic and that's it.
 I can never sleep. Dr gave me Zopiclone but it's not doing much. I sleep and then wake up at 3 or 4am (like I am now) and can't get back to sleep again. I'm diagnosed with major depression and take venlafaxine for it. It helps a lot I could not have survived without it.
 One thing I have read is that a major event can trigger fibro. Is that true? I had three suicide attempts at the end of 2016 and I have had these symptoms since around April. They're getting worse. Or I'm not coping as much as I could before.
 I am really sorry for the massive rant. It's okay if you don't read it all. I just really can't see a way out of the hole I'm in at the moment. Everything is so dark and miserable and I am really trying to cope. I've had some time off work, but I don't want to. I love my job and I'm progressing in my career. I just feel like I can't cope anymore and keep thinking it would be easier not to be here."
"Any psychiatrist prescribing drugs and pharmacies delivering them?  AskIndia  Close  9  Posted by  2 days ago  Any psychiatrist prescribing drugs and pharmacies delivering them?  AskIndia  Hi, I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and was going to a therapist as well as a psychiatrist for pharmacological intervention. However my prescription was valid for only 2 months, and now its expired. I do not want to go to the hospital and subject myself to unnecessary COVID risk. I am already an at-risk patient with other cardiac and neuro problems.
 My therapist or psychiatrist never shared their personal number with me. The hospital is not connecting me with them over phone if its not an emergency.
 Online pharmacies do not deliver the drug. I think they are being cautious. The online therapist also refused to give me a prescription.
 I am currently on sertraline - which is hardly a drug one can use for recreation, if anything I think it causes depression in the short term. The local pharmacists are also not co-operating and not willing to listen to me.
 Can any doctors or medical workers here suggest a way out?"
"Anyone else feel like they're 'not depressed enough'?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Anyone else feel like they're 'not depressed enough'?  I've been diagnosed with major depression, but sometimes I'm not actively consumed by it. I could be out reading a book at a coffee shop and feel fine - not  good , really, but just okay. I'm unemployed right now and currently have no stressors in my life nor do I interact with people much, which might be why?
 Then I usually feel like I need to make myself actively depressed. This shit is so weird, man."
"Anyone else get headache or just feel that when they look outside or at nature it feels like a giant ache and pain and depression, so they stay inside with blinds closed and windows closed to avoid this huge mental ache that induces headache too?  Close  3  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Anyone else get headache or just feel that when they look outside or at nature it feels like a giant ache and pain and depression, so they stay inside with blinds closed and windows closed to avoid this huge mental ache that induces headache too?  I am diagnosed with major depression. I'm just wondering if anyone else experiences this. Since I've been on zoloft it barely hurts anymore! I have never felt so amazing!
 Up until now I would never eat outside, I would stay inside at all costs. Just looking out the window created an instant headache. I feel that that was my brain's way of interpreting the massive ache and depressiveness I felt when I looked outside. I would drown myself in extremely fancy and hollywoodized (is that a word?) tv shows where they either had almost no scenes outside in nature or when they did it was altered to look better.  It was my only real escape.  When teachers told us we would go outside to study for the day, I would get extremely sad because I knew once I went outside I would get severe depression, mental ache and a bad headache. Everytime I had to go outside it would just hurt so bad. Friends wanted to go hiking with me. I would not go because it was just such a mental pain to be in nature. Nature is the worst. Articifial things or cartoons are better because they do not reflect the natural state. I could not have a picture of outside the trees or garden or sky or house on a field on my laptop because even that induced headache and major depression. I literally would get sick when I went outside. I cannot enjoy studying outside in the sun because even that makes my head (physically and mentally) hurt like fucking shit. The sun is slightly better but still really bad. I hate it when windows are open. That hurts too. I always shut windows when I can in cars or transit or in my sessions. I just cannot stand it, even animal noises of nature.
 People would say ""go get some fresh air!"" But I could not. It would induce severe emotional ache and felt like the world/nature is just this huge pain and ache and would cause headache too.
 I also had trouble with food. I only wanted to eat highly processed food. Fresh food just hurt too. Part was me being picky, yes; but part was that fresh food just hurt my head too. I eat healthy now but it took a lot of work.
 I'm going to assume this ache is from depression somehow. Since on zoloft it is so much better. My God it is like I can go outside and not get extremely sick! It isnt so hard just to exist outside in nature."
Anyone else have experience with hallucinations and aphasia?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Anyone else have experience with hallucinations and aphasia?  I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I was on 10mg Lexapro but I’ve stopped taking it due to side effects. I am more than functional, I’ve had bad episodes, but I’ve been without anything intense for near two years. However, recently I’ve had intense Aphasia. I consistently mix up my words and speak in the wrong tense or forget the names for random things. In my peripheral I see things that are not as they seem. Like a chair in my peripheral looks like a person. It’s weird because till I turn my head I can swear it was a person or a dog or whatever. The hallucinations has happened all my life but they’ve gotten a lot more frequent lately. I’ve always attributed it to having an overactive imagination. However, noticing how progressive it is I am concerned. Are these both related to my anxiety? A few years ago I had an MRI due to migraines and it was clear. I have PTSD as well, but no brain injury.
"Anyone here deal with Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder (PMDD)?  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Anyone here deal with Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder (PMDD)?  Hey everyone!
 So I've been diagnosed with major depression in the past as well as ADHD. I've been more attentive to my mood, my environment, and just overall life so I can deal with it all better. I'm on meds for both MDD and ADHD, and it's definitely helping me manage.
 However, every month before I start my period, my mood sinks to unbearable lows, and I feel like I've made no progress with getting better, feel like shit, want to die a little, etc.
 Anyway, I read about PMDD, and I'm going to talk to my doctor and therapist about it (Y'know when I can afford it). Anyone here have experiences, thoughts, tips, or advice for PMDD?
 Not trying to diagnose myself, I just want info!
 Thanks y'all!"
"Anyone in Ontario, Canada have luck getting a script for Parnate or Nardil from an MAOI-enthusiastic physician?  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Anyone in Ontario, Canada have luck getting a script for Parnate or Nardil from an MAOI-enthusiastic physician?  I have tried 2 psychiatrists over the course of several years and neither one will prescribe Parnate or Nardil to me out of fear of interactions/hypotension etc. The most recent psychiatrist has told me that it's not him but the pharmacies that are the problem because they wont release it - not sure I buy that, although I'm sure there is resistance in some cases with pharmacies. I have tried 10 medications so far to no avail (including Moclobemide) and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. Feeling low constantly and it's getting scary.
 If anyone has any recommendations for a doctor in Ontario (I'm in London) who is open to prescribing MAOI medication, I would really appreciate any info you have."
"Anything will help.  REQUEST  Close  0  Posted by   registered   5 months ago  Anything will help.  REQUEST  I've been diagnosed with major depression & severe insomnia, so it's hard to function...especially without food in the house. Unfortunately, my mother is on disability and cannot work enough to provide due to cancer (I don't mean to give too much information), my stepdad is scraping by and I've tried and tried to get jobs with no success passed the interview (I did not mention my conditions). I would need at least $40 for groceries and 2 pairs of pants. But like I said, anything will help. I'd appreciate anything and am very touched to see so many people helping each other, even if I don't get any feedback.
 ** I will be making a list for my local grocery**  once again anything will help, thank you again."
"Are there different types of ADHD? Difference between ADHD vs. OCD? Vyvanse...  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Are there different types of ADHD? Difference between ADHD vs. OCD? Vyvanse...  Hey Everyone,
 I'm long-winded and very detailed-oriented so I will do my best to keep this short and to the point.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and anxiety for about 15 years now. Recently, my doctor picked up on something I said and he prescribed me vyvanse.  I started off at 30mg and really didn't see a difference and then he kicked it up to 60 mg and when I take it I feel like superman.  I suppose 45 mg would be my sweets pot, if there is such a thing.  I don't take it every day, but, when I do I work like a dog for 12-15 hours.  I get so much accomplished. One of the bigger effects of my major depression is chronic and debilitating fatigue and vyvanse kicks that in the but hard.
 On to my question.... I always thought of my myself as OCD and a definate perfectionist.  When I work on a project I have to do it to the very best of my ability and I go deep and down into every rabbit hole possible, when working on something I find has meaning, but, even work projects that I just need to get done and check a box.  I have left employers numerous times in my career, for a number of reasons, but, I am also seeing a trend in which I love to learn, so while I'm learning things go well, but, once I master everything I get board and a new challenge grabs my attention.  That aspect is the closest thing I have found to a traditional ADHD aspect to my personality, otherwise I am SO DETAIL ORIENTED most people that know me can't believe it.  I'm trying to wrap my head around why my doctor prescribed an ADHD med to someone who has OCD type tendencies.
 Thank you in advance!"
"Are these doubts normal?  Close  4  Posted by   15/questioning/AMAB   3 years ago  Archived  Are these doubts normal?  Ok, so for background, I am a 15 year old, AMAB, and have been on and off questioning my gender identity for about 2 and a half years now; I identified as non-binary for about a year, but since last December I've been thinking that I might be MtF. However, I've been having a lot of little (read:large) doubts, and my confidence in that conclusion has been rather erratic.
 My largest concern has been that I don't really have any dysphoria, at least none that's noticeable; I just think that it would've been better to have been born with a female body. I don't dislike my body, well, at least I don't dislike it because of it's masculine features. I also don't really have any thoughts when it comes to stuff like wishing I had a girls upbringing and stuff like that. It just kinda seems like I'm not actually trans and I'm just having a ""grass is always greener"" kinda thing.
 I should say what caused me to start thinking I might been trans in the first place. I kinda noticed a lot of little stuff that I thought might indicate that I was trans, like, I've worn skirts and leggings before and really really liked both, I've worn makeup before and liked it. I've also had many dreams where I was a girl, but usually the fact that I happened to be a girl in said dreams had no real effect on the rest of the dream. I've also daydreamed about being a girl on several occasions.
 I guess what I'm asking is: Are these kind of doubts common, and am I trans? Or am I just non-binary, or a crossdresser or something?
 Edit: Oh, and I just realized I should probably mention that I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome."
As someone diagnosed with major depression and suicidal ideation, I am thankful that no mental health professional approached me offering spiritual therapy. Leaving religion and seeing spirituality for the sham that it is was key to my recovery.
"At the risk of sounding cliche, a live performance of 45 helped me in my depression.  Close  30  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  At the risk of sounding cliche, a live performance of 45 helped me in my depression.  Do you ever feel like there's some force at work in your life playing the long game, steering you to somewhere you need to be without you even knowing it? That's how I feel right now. I ""discovered"" Shinedown earlier this year completely by accident. I was looking for a different song (can't remember what it was now) and I accidentally ended up on a Shinedown video. I became hooked and I've since bought all of their albums.
  
 This is going to sound like a tangent but bear with me here; it's relevant to Shinedown. See, I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder along with some other crap and there's some family issues and I've been dealing with all of it for almost my whole lifetime. I feel worthless, lost, alone, and so many times I've thought about taking my own life. It's gotten to the point where I'd have plans and pictures in my mind of what I'd do. I never went through with attempting any of them because the absolute bitch of depression is this: you're too scared to live but you're also too scared to die. Last week, I had a complete breakdown with my sister on the phone because when that dam bursts, it bursts hard. I told her how alone I felt and how I was too useless to even do anything about it. She talked me down (metaphorically) and once I calmed down, I predictably entered the totally numb post-breakdown ennui.
  
 Then today at work I ran across  this live performance of 45  where Brent tells a story about a friend who almost committed suicide but didn't and I'll be damned if he didn't say the  exact words  that I said to my sister last week. ""I couldn't even do this."" ""I'm completely lost."" But what he said next had me trying and failing not to ugly cry at my desk. Paraphrased: ""You have not even begun to scratch the surface of how important your life is...your life which is a gift for the world that is waiting for you"". Then he sang 45 and at the very end, added a line that wasn't on the album version. ""But I'm still alive.""
  
 Damn. It felt like a ton of bricks landed square on my shoulders and then were lifted off one by one as the music faded.
  
 I guess it's something of a cliche to say ""such and such band saved my life"" but I always take people who say that at face value. After all, there are so many hurting people in this world who sometimes just need to know they aren't as alone as they feel. Sometimes they need to hear their own words coming out of someone else's mouth.
  
 I'm still depressed. I'm still lost. But I'm still alive. And you are, too. Whatever you're going through right now, whatever .45 is pointed at you right now, you're not alone. Maybe that's why I'm oversharing with strangers on a band subreddit right now. Maybe you need to hear that as much as I did."
"At Wit's End  Close  21  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  At Wit's End  There's going to be a lot here, so please bear with me. I'm using a throwaway because I don't want handouts or attention; I just want financial/employment advice and a glimmer of hope for my future.
 I have been unemployed now for nearly a year. I'm a university student approaching the completion of my bachelor's degree in International Business Strategy from a major university. The unemployment in my region is at a record high, and despite all attempts, not even fast food or retail locations seem to be willing to hire me in the current economy. I've made hundreds of applications to all manner of jobs, from temp work to retail to construction. I've applied to employment agencies with no response and I've been refused continuation of my student loans from the government. I've contacted friends and family for any bit of hope or help, and all of them are either also unemployed or struggling to keep their jobs.
 I've been through career counselling at my school; they've checked my resume and cover letter writing. They say that I am doing everything right, just ""the current situation in   is bad for everyone"". If it wasn't for my final year of education, I would strongly consider moving for a job. I've long exhausted all of my savings and I'm living on ever more borrowed money from my incredibly supportive girlfriend, whom I live with - but not for much longer if things keep going. Our financial situation is causing her to become suicidal and I've long been past that point. If I can't figure things out soon, I'm either going to end up homeless or worse.
 Its probably also important to mention that I am ineligible for all loans and forms of credit that I've looked into, as I don't have any income. My university offers an emergency funding program, but I am also ineligible due to taking a year off of my schooling for both financial and medical reasons. I am ineligible for EI due to the nature in which I lost my previous job a year ago.
 I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder.
 Is there  any  financial recourse at all for Canadians in my situation?
 Edit: If it helps for advice, I live in Southern Alberta, near Calgary"
"Bad experience calling VA crisis line.  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bad experience calling VA crisis line.  I saw a post on here this morning, where a vet got helped out by the crisis line and I felt I need to share my (contrasting) experience.
 This was probably 4 to 5 years ago so things have probably changed.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder (maybe that had something to with it), and I have been told countless times that I could call the crisis line, not only if I was feeling suicidal, but if I needed someone to talk to, or I just had a bad day.
 I kept that card in my wallet for a long time before I decided to call.
 I was looking at losing my job (and therefor house), my wife and I just got in a huge fight about my best friend, who was also angry with me (for not standing up for him to her).  Anyway... support structure was gone.
 I was in a bad place. Not suicidal.  Just stressed and worn out and I just wanted to vent.  I explained all this when I called.
 The person answering the phone was great.  They listened, they didn't judge or anything.  Asked questions, basically got me to vent and clear my head and by the end of a 30 minute call I was feeling a lot better.
 Not sure how this happened but they reported me or put me on some kind of suicide watch list.  The police came to my house for a welfare check and were not inclined to believe me when I told them it was obviously a misunderstanding.  They eventually let is go because my wife assured them she would 'take responsibility' for me.
 Side note:  Want to feel totally shitty, let your wife an some cops have a conversation about you, right in front of you, like you're not there, to decide your immediate fate.  Belittling.
 The next appointment at the VA I was met with all kinds of mental health questions.  These are very similar questions, I don't recall the exact questions.  ""Do you feel like harming yourself or others?"" No. ""Do you have a plan to harm yourself or others?"" No. ""How many times in the last six months have you self-harmed?"" None. And on and on util I expressed the mildest of irritation at having to answer these questions before we could get on with the appointment.  And they made it very clear that there would be no further treatment until these questions were answered.
 This happened at every appointment (from mental health to audiology to you name it, every appointment) until I complained and pointed out the person who told me the crisis hotline was NOT just for suicide prevention.  She confirmed that she had told me that and it stopped in my outpatient clinic but continued for another few months at the main hospital.
 I would call the crisis line if I felt like hurting myself, but I would never call it for anything less.
 I want to emphasize that this was all a big hassle, but no permanent damage was done.
 You should not hesitate to call, as evidenced by the previous post you might have a great experience.
 Anyone else had this kind of problem after calling?"
"Bad trip off of some weed, need help (depersonalization/derealization)  Close  4  Posted by  3 months ago  Bad trip off of some weed, need help (depersonalization/derealization)  I have been smoking for just over a year now, for the last 5 or so months I've been smoking regularly, 2-3 times a day. Every experience I've had while high be it indica, sativa, and a variety of different strains has been positive.
 Friday - Sunday afternoon was the longest I went without weed for awhile. I went to pick up some from my guy, and he invited me in to take a few hits off his bong. The stuff he was smoking was what he sold me (Shishkaberry). I took a big rip off his bong and immediately felt high. For about 15 more minutes everything was sweet and bliss. I then left and got back into the car. This is where shit hit the fan..
 As I was leaving his driveway, I immediately began to feel strange, I could tell I was about to have a panic attack (I have had one before a few years ago). I was able to calm down a little and make it onto the highway. Bad idea. As I began to drive along the road, the tractor trailer in front of my started to lose depth. I could only perceive it in two dimensions. My vision became distorted, everything I was perceiving began coming at me in waves, I've been describing it as like a old-time movie playing at a slower frame rate. I was very scared, crying and screaming. I was in a section of the highway blocked off by construction for a few miles so I couldn't pull over immediately. (amazingly I drove back home 20 miles). I felt verrry strange and scared. Everything felt so weird, every memory and thought about myself or anyone else felt made up. I tried to keep myself grounded by drinking water and touching different cold objects (windows, the metal piece that connects the headrest of my passenger seat) but it kept persisting. Every time a car changed lanes in front of me it was completely lacking any real depth and just looked like a 2D shapes being moved left or right. Overall, absolutely horrifying drive.
 Once I got home I still felt very strange. My girlfriend helped me calm down and it took about two and a half hours after it started until I started to feel normal.
 My girlfriend has since smoked the weed a few times and has been fine. I don't think it was the weed itself, however it just triggered this reaction due to some underlying issues. (I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder.)
 Tonight, I smoked a little bit, (2 small hits) felt fine for awhile but started to feel a bit strange again, calmed myself down but still feel some residual anxiety. I decided to take a much CV needed t break, so I won't be smoking again for awhile.
 My question to you guys is if you have any advice to coping with the left over weird feelings. I feel about 80%-90% back to normal but occasionally I start to feel a glimpse of the strangeness. Also any advice as to how to approach smoking again after my indefinite break?
 Thank you.
 tl;dr: smoked weed after a two and a half day break, sudden panic attack resulting in insane derealization and depersonalization, need help ."
"Battling Depression for 7 years  Close  5  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Battling Depression for 7 years  G'day,
 I was medically discharged from the Army approximately 7-8 years ago now (the dates are starting to get a bit foggy) and I have never been able to find myself since. I feel an emptiness inside of me. All I wanted to do was join the Military, go special forces, and have a loving family.
 Unfortunately, I got injured and never got to serve O/S. Most of my family served. Many of my friends who I served with all went O/S and they have their war stories..
 I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Chronic Nerve Pain. I have never been able to get back to my former self. I was ripped, an absolute animal, fitness junkie. I am still fit, but the chronic pain has worn my body down. I have ended up tearing my meniscus, torn my rotary cuff, hurt my back and so on. Still got a flat stomach, but I look quite weak these days. Fitness has always been a major value of mine. I am also not a good surgery candidate given my underlying nerve pain, so I have opted not to have any surgery. So far so good in that I have managed to rehab it pretty well. Although, I used to LOVE running, and I have not run in about a year. I am currently not swimming either. I am doing everything in my control to get better. Taking supplements, rehabbing at the gym and so on. At the moment, I have been getting on the cycle (Zwift) to get a competitive race in twice a week. I get a real kick when I am drenched in sweat. I have joined the gym, but I seem to keep getting injured. For example, I would do biceps, and I can lift the weights no dramas, but then I end up injuring myself.
 Perhaps I need to do ULTRA light weights and ever so slowly build up?
 I am definitely addicted to exercise because in that moment, I feel no pain, so I always take things to far without realising. I have gotten better these days. In terms of my career, that is another battle. I am 32 now, and I just recently finished my undergraduate (did a Bachelor in Arts unfortunately, as I was a bit misinformed). Financially, in my own mind, I am way behind. I guess the medical Discharge has a significant impact on my life, both on my career, financial security, and self-esteem. I am constantly trying to make a living to provide for my family. My wife wants another child, I have said no for many years, and at this point, I can't say no anymore. I want another child myself, but I continually fear my I may not have a job. I have not had a perm job since I left the army. They have always been contracts. 1 year contracts, 6 month contracts and so on. Anyway, I am doing my Masters in Social Work as my main asset is my inter personal skills.
 I have been on medication before, but I am not sure if it is a cultural thing, but I've never liked being on medications too much. I did have a period in my life where I was doing really by swimming and exercising. I was swimming 50 laps (25m pool), and I felt great. Unfortunately the shoulder did not help.
 I also constantly thinking I am dying of some major illness. I have never been diagnosed with anxiety, but every few months, I believe I am on the verge of death.
 I find myself you-tubing videos such as ""life as a quadriplegic"" as I have a colleague who broke his neck when he was 30. I try to bring myself down to earth and be grateful for walking, talking, and hearing despite my underlying chronic pain. It works to some extent, but I find it hard to think rationally every day...
 I am mostly venting here, but there are times where I find it really HARD to wake up in the morning and go into work.
 Thanks for listening.."
"BD and mental health?  AskBDP  Close  6  Posted by   E - 7.8"" x 5.7"" F - 5.5” x 4.3”   8 months ago  Archived  BD and mental health?  AskBDP  Apologies if this is a sensitive topic for some.
 Kinda new here and with this account. But I’ve noticed that a lot of guys here feel anxious about their size, so much so that it affects their whole life. I’m not saying the size is the cause, but it’s one of the discouraging voices in the back of your head.
 So I’m wondering if anyone has any mental illnesses or disorders?
 I, for one, am diagnosed with major depression, anxiety and ADHD.
 Which is a shit show now, as medication messes up sex drive, and worsens anxiety towards my sex life.
 I digress.
 Side note; amazing lot, y’all. Helping and making people feel better about themselves. Honoured to be a part of this community"
Because I get good grades and my teachers don't notice, my therapist thinks it's very unlikely I have adhd (inattentive). Should I just trust her on this even if I feel adhd is really accurate?  Close  21  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Because I get good grades and my teachers don't notice, my therapist thinks it's very unlikely I have adhd (inattentive). Should I just trust her on this even if I feel adhd is really accurate?  I am diagnosed with major depression but everything about adhd inattentive hits so close to home it's almost painful.  But My teachers don't notice any problems, even though I do struggle a lot. And I have straight A's, so my therapist pretty much dismissed it. But I match up all the symptoms and it would explain a lot. Idk, do I just trust her? I thought adhd and grades don't have that big of a connection. Plus I feel too weird about saying "I think I'm right about what I have" (not worded like that obvi) when she's the actual therapist
"Been sleeping a lot lately. Don't want to wake up.  Close  24  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Been sleeping a lot lately. Don't want to wake up.  I've been sleeping like 16-20 hours a day lately because I literally have no reason to be awake. I can barely bring myself to do basic tasks and nothing brings me any joy whatsoever, nothing makes me feel relaxed or happy. I don't even have the energy to make shit on my computer anymore. Why bother, no one cares what I make anyway. I don't have anything to look forward to. I always feel like I'm about to pass out from exhaustion, or cry, or both. This is long, sorry.
 My life is pretty boring and empty, and I'm going stir crazy from lack of a social life. I have no job because I'm waiting on documents and I have a pretty complicated medical condition. Even though I desperately want a job, I have to wait. Everyone else is hanging out with their friends and going to college and I'm sitting around alone and miserable stuck inside all day. No friends I can hang out with on a regular basis to gush about video games and horror with. I don't have anybody with the same interests as me. I can't even turn to fandom because nobody gives a shit about the characters I like, and I've looked it up.
 People are just rude to me whenever I bring up my interests or ignore them all together. Maybe they tolerate them, but that's not very enjoyable. I want to be friends with someone passionate about the same things as me. I have people I get along with sometimes, sure, but I feel like an alien talking to them. There's no connection, it's just me making funny jokes. Hanging out with people feels like a chore because I don't click with anyone. Not that I have anyone to hang out with anymore, having moved last year and the only acquaintances I've met being unable to go anywhere due to strict parents.
 Over all, I've felt depressed like this since I was a child and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and PTSD. I've been through some horrible shit in my short 18.9 years and yet I still feel like a weak bastard for being sad about it. Don't have any clue where I'm going in life. Literally what is the point of waking up anymore? Oh no I might miss sitting around on my ass all day because there's nothing else to do! Fuck this. I'm almost 19 and I'm already a worthless loser. I have absolutely nothing of value to offer this world.
 It's not that I want to die, really. I love and value life, but the passage of time, and consequently, death, freaks me out. Time is moving by so fucking fast while I'm sitting here alone and depressed. I want to enjoy life the best I can. The problem is, I can't. I can't fight anymore. I'm getting worse and worse every year and now that I'm an adult, I feel even more helpless."
"Before the quarantine I would get up at 5am and start work at 6am. After work I'd either go to the library, or go to college (3 days a week), then in the evenings I would go to ballet. I was always occupied and trying to maintain good punctuality and attendance. However, now college is closed, work is closed until further notice, the library is closed, there is no ballet, and I can only really leave the house to walk the dog or do Grocery shopping.
 Since the quarantine began, I have just been walking the dog, helping with house chores, working on my college essays, and watching Netflix. However, I realised that my depression is coming back (I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, but have not actually been depressed for a while because I've always been occupied and had a routine) when I sat down to try and continue my essay yesterday, but I just couldn't concentrate and just asked myself what is the point.
 I am also sleeping in later, getting out of bed on average at like 12pm and not feeling motivated to do much. I know that I need to make a new schedule for myself, but I don't know what to put on it. It feels like there is nothing to do other than essays (which is really contributing to my low mood, because it's so boring, and I am actually struggling), walking the dog, cleaning the house, and watching TV.
 Can you guys please suggest some things I can put on my schedule to stay busy? Maybe new hobbies I can learn, or a skill I can practice and get good at during the quarantine?
 I have been thinking about buying a sewing machine, I've wanted one since I was a little girl, but with not being at work, I don't know if I will even be paid after this month, so it's important that I make the money I have last."
"Behavior Changes  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Behavior Changes  I've been a somewhat angry person for the past 2-3 years. I'm not sure what has sparked it. I used to be happy, not so much outspoken, a bit of a door mat, more positive individual. Now I am seeing myself and others also see me as sarcastic, mean, angry, frustrated, blunt. This behavior has affected my job  now and jobs in the past. I am a very unhappy person for many reasons. I hate my job, but have no idea what to do. Frequent job hopper. I'm very lonely but actually used to it. I've been taking different antidepressants and benzodiazepines  since age 13-14. I've got issues with anxiety and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I wonder if I have any other mood conditions. I can't seem to ever be positive. It feels that I have trained my brain to always think negatively. I am a nurse and I honestly could not give a rat's ass about the majority of people.
 Has anyone experienced major behavior changes?"
"Being a parent means giving up your own happiness. [Rant]  RANT  Close  203  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Being a parent means giving up your own happiness. [Rant]  RANT  TL;DR backstory. A family friend got married to a man about four years ago. They both have children from previous relationships. Recently the man told told our friend that he wants nothing to do with her any more, he wants a divorce, etc etc etc. He has been verbally abusive to her, and she has slept in her car multiple times.
 My mother and I were discussing what should be done in this situation. Of course I say, as a child free individual, to kick that jerk out of her house and figure out what to do with the kid later, since she has no legal right to his kid. Since he's being abusive verbally, she needs to protect herself and worry about his child later.
 My mother says that parents would give up their own happiness for their child, and one-day I will learn to do the same.
 I think it's crazy to give up your own happiness, for a child or for someone else. You've worked so hard in your life to attain the things you have, and you'd ruin it not only once, but twice for a child. It sickens me. I've worked so hard to get myself into a happy state since I've been diagnosed with major depressive and anxiety disorder, that I would never let anyone (or anything) take away my happiness and ruin it.  Yet another reason why I will not bring a child into this world."
Being finally diagnosed with major depressive disorder after a couple of years is so comforting to me even though it’s suppose to be a bad thing. It’s like as if now I finally have a reason for my lack of motivation in life and not being lumped together with people who are just lazy in general. It’s like finally people can’t continue saying “you’re not depressed and you can’t self diagnosed yourself” “you’re a boy you can’t be depressed” “stop being emo” “cheer up”. And for the first time today the doctor was able to explain to my parents that being depressed and having depression is different. Being depressed is when a family member passes and going through the emotions and feelings after and having depression is feeling that way for totally no reason all the time. It’s frustrating not understanding what’s going on. It’s associating yourself as a photographer and loving photography, traveling out for an hour or more to look for a beautiful scenery and standing at the spot in front of it all and not having the strength to pick up the camera for some reason and returning home straight after. It’s spilling a fucking cup of water and every mistake you’ve done in life hits you like a baseball bat to the back of your head and you start crying and being overwhelmed with hopelessness and the desire to end your life.
"Bladder problem and I don't think it's OAB or interstitial cystitis  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bladder problem and I don't think it's OAB or interstitial cystitis  Age: 22 yrs old
 Sex: Female
 Height: 5' 2
 Weight: 143
 Race: Half Italian and the rest is mutt
 Duration of complaint: My entire life
 Location (Geographic and on body): Bladder
 Any existing relevant medical issues: I have been diagnosed with major depression, but am on medication and no longer feel depressed
 Current medications (if any): Welbutrin, alertec, microgestin birth control
  
 Hello,
 I have bladder issues. I have had trouble controlling my bladder for as long as I can remember. I often get a sudden and intense urge to pee, even if my bladder is not full. Sometimes I cannot make it to the toilet in time and will leak or even straight up pee my pants. Sometimes I will get this urge to pee and I will make it to the toilet and there's only a little pee that comes out. And then 20 minutes later I have the same urge, even though my bladder is not even close to being full. I can resist it sometimes, but it feels like my bladder is contracting on and off. If I resist the urge, then the entire urge goes away momentarily and then it will start back up again. If I press on what I think is my urethra with my hand, it's like a button and the urge turns off for a few moments.
  
 This urge gets worse when I am standing. I can hold my pee better when I am sitting. It is also easier to control and lessens the urge if I have my butt angled out (hyperlordosis). It is also worse when I get dehydrated and it burns and stings when I pee. I also often have to really strain and push to get all of my urine out. But all these symptoms don't happen every day. Some days I have complete control and others I need to run to the bathroom every 15 minutes. I've been to doctors, given urine samples, etc but nothing shows up. I used to get a ton of UTI's, when I was younger and once I started having sex, but that's not a problem anymore because I take D-mannose as needed. I haven't needed to use that in over 8 months. I had a procedure done when I was very young to stop me from getting bladder infections. I think what happened is I got a balloon inserted into my urethra and expanded, but I'm not entirely sure. It always seems worse at work (I'm a server) and I get so terrified because I have fully peed my pants twice and leaked more times than I can count. If I keep moving, that helps a bit. The urge usually gets super intense as soon as I stop moving.
  
 I don't think it is interstitial cystitis or overactive bladder, because I don't have persistent pain, only when I am dehydrated, and even then, it is only at the end of my urine stream. Some nights I will have to wake up to pee (only once), but not every night. I would say it is about 50/50. I will pee maximum 12 times a day (in small increments), and a minimum of 6 usually. It doesn't have to do with size because I can actually hold a lot of pee at times. My bladder can fill and hold a lot, but for some reason, it sometimes sends signals to contract and that I need to pee. I can go 4ish hours at a time while consistently drinking water and not have to pee, but other times I will. A lot of the time, as I get closer to the toilet, the urge increases exponentially and that is normally when I will leak. I've tried to keep track of my diet, water intake, etc. The only thing I can think of that would have any effect is lemon, which I read can effect urinary incontinence, but I have maybe a slice with my water or a glass of lemonade every once in a while. I wouldn't think that would be enough to give me these problems. I'm wondering if it has something to do with the angle or shape of my bladder?
  
 This is really affecting my work and overall quality of life. Somebody please help me. Thanks in advance."
Blindness and fainting  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Blindness and fainting  [CW: self harm] If this is the wrong sub to ask on just tell me so and I'll post elsewhere. But I seriously need help figuring out what happened to me. This happened yesterday afternoon. I have been diagnosed with major depression with psychotic features and anxiety disorder. I hadn’t slept for about 35 hours. I’m on a nicotine patch and had just taken my anti psychotic and anti anxiety for the first time in a while. I had ran out of my antidepressants a couple days ago. As far as drugs go. Anyway, I got in the shower, started cutting, and after about 10-15 minutes had a sudden rush of tingling and numbness, ringing in the ears, feeling an urge to throw up, grey and grainy vision which quickly turned to near total blindness, confusion, panic and anger and desire to die, and extreme disorientation and dizziness to the point I almost fell into the glass of the shower. Like my consciousness was totally altered. I felt super high on something terrible. I sat down in the shower, then somehow decided through the fog I should attempt to call someone and got out reaching for my phone. About 90 seconds later I found myself draped over the toilet with the numbness and tingling near gone, but the ringing and impaired vision took about another five minutes to fully subside. I feel relatively fine now but slightly out of it still, which isn't unusual for me. It's been suggested to me irl that it was a panic attack, or perhaps withdrawal from the antidepressant (mirtazapine). Any help would be much appreciated.
"Bought some more weed.  Close  9  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Bought some more weed.  It was supposed to be my first day today but in the last few hours was having a lot of negative feelings. I'm diagnosed with major depression and have been for about 8 years (I'm 23). Sometimes I have this really bad feeling like I'm on the cusp on crying but just can't, I've no idea what this is about but it lasts hours. Happened tonight.
 Anyway whatever I went to my dealers house, had a couple of cones and bought a quarter and now those negative feelings have vanished and I feel calm and at peace.
 I'm convinced that I'll need to try another approach because I can't seem to just go and be like ""Kk this time I'll stop for real"" because I use it to deal with all these bad feelings.
 Idk, I've been in therapy for about 30% of the last four years (so on and off) and tried an anti depressant which I'm on again now. Not quite sure what I need to do.
 Good thing I'm able to maintain a good job (web dev) and I'm good at it, it's a source of pride for me (though I keep thinking how much better I'd be not being an addict).
 When I quit for 1.5 months earlier this year I went to a few NA meetings before that, maybe I'll try that strategy again to get me psyched...
 Thanks for letting me share."
Bouts of paranoia as a kid  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Bouts of paranoia as a kid  As a kid I used to have extreme bouts of paranoia. I thought the rapture (I grew up in a super religious household) was going to happen because of me. Like Jesus himself was waiting on me to do a specific action before deciding to commence the rapture. I'd constantly have thoughts like "oh crap I can't turn my stereo on, what if Jesus is just waiting for me to turn on the stereo". I'd always be super paranoid about my health. Anything that was wrong or could be wrong with me I thought I was dying. I read about so many illnesses and tried to self diagnose all the time. My parents took me to so many doctor visits who just told me all of it was in my head. I thought every time I was in public people were laughing and talking about me. Every time I scratched furniture with my fingernails or something similar I always had to apologize in case they had feelings or they may hate me. I even had a whole paragraph I'd recite every time I did this. It was weird. I used to think I could hear a tracking device that aliens had put in my ear when id go to sleep at night.  I would hear a weird dinging noise and then think they were tracking me so I would move my head around until I couldn't hear it anymore and assumed they lost signal. I would get weird hallucinations (night time mostly) and thought that posters in my room were moving or laughing at me or wanted to kill me. And oh man the night terrors were terrible. So realistic I'd constantly be waking my mom up in the middle of the night. The paranoia for the most part has subsided. I still get weird thoughts that people are laughing at me or I think I keep seeing things in my peripheals and I have bouts where I'm worried about my health. But I don't have crazy delusions like I used to as a kid about the rapture and aliens and what not. So I'd like to say whatever was wrong with me was mostly cured. But is this just normal kid things? I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety and social anxiety. But my therapist said during one of my first visits she'd take me to Walmart and make me talk to people to get over my fear of strangers and so I stopped going after like the 4th visit. I have trust issues too majorly. Wasn't the happiest childhood by no means.  Is it possible I had childhood schizophrenia that subsided? Sounds weird and doesn't seem likely since most of those episodes didn't carry on until adulthood. I don't know exactlywhere to proceed from here either. If just medication would work (I was on Zoloft but felt it did absolutely nothing for me) but I get episodes of slight paranoia where I think my husband is lying or my friends are trying to trick me and I've gotten to the point Ive mostly isolated myself. Scared of therapy because I don't want a therapist forcing me into stuff that fast like the last one did. I just wanna talk about my feelings and then maybe proceed with treatment like that. Doesn't seem like that's possible? I feel a bit crazy and need to know I'm not alone
"Caffeine alternatives to function albeit depression?  Close  4  Posted by  1 month ago  Caffeine alternatives to function albeit depression?  I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder, tho my meds help me manage. The thing is, I'm pretty dependent on sources of caffeine to aid me in performing my responsibilities. The meds really work more as the shit that helps me get out of bed, but it doesn't extend as much to ""keep me rolling,"" especially with mentally-demanding tasks (as you know, our brains kinda bog down etc.). However, I'm trying so hard to get out of uni and shit, so I'm really doing my best to get everything done. In fact, I actually seem pretty ""high functioning"" because I do things that just help me get shit done (assuming the stress isn't bringing out the worst of my MDD).
 That said, would you have suggestions/accounts of things that kept you ""rolling"" to perform your tasks? I either go caffeine overload (coffee AND energy drinks together; going with just one of either isn't enough, has to be both) or just get depression naps. The latter doesn't sit well with me. Although it's really what my brain specifically ""needs"" considering the mental load my brain wears itself out from, I just lose 3 - 5 hours to those ""naps"" (this is apart from my lengthy night sleep). That results to making me feel emotionally shitty that I've failed to do the task earlier on.
 Would just want to hear what you do to keep up because sometimes I get anxious that my physical health will start deteriorating (further) because of my horrible and excessive caffeine diet. If that happens, shit will hit the fan for me."
"Can barely do anything  Close  1  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  Can barely do anything  I am going to type I a lot.
 I think, if I had more motivation, I would tie a noose of sorts, for it seems like an effective method of suicide. I would phone an emergency service while preparing to kick a chair out from under my feet. I think they would be bare. I want to die wearing shorts and t-shirt. Ideally, I would use nitrogen, however, I don't have the drive to access it. I don't think there is anything after dying, and that is okay.  I don't want anything else.
 I drink, browse the internet, shit, shower, eat, sleep, and ruminate about my failed life. I've tried to stay focused enough to accomplish tasks, to no gain. I have a short criminal record, and it makes it hard to find employment. Recently, I have encountered trouble remembering things, formulating ideas, communicating, remembering to eat. I live in my parent's basement, and I am 26 years old. I do nothing to help my parents with income.
 I struggle with alcoholism, I wouldn't even be able to afford alcohol, but my parents are both functioning alcoholics and have plenty of booze around at all times. I drink it. Drinking makes me more depressed, but provides a feeling of some temporary good. I wake up the next day, loathing the fact that I ever began drinking, but the days whittle me away until I just desire being drunk.
 Drinking is probably a result of my lack of self control. When I was 21, in a bar, I was involved in a bar fight and was arrested, tried, and convicted of felony assault. I lost my girlfriend of three years at the time, and my opportunity to receive higher education. I spent seven months in jail, and every day since then, I have had a extremely strong desire to kill myself.
 I am diagnosed with major depression. I've been depressed since the age of eight or so. I spend ample amounts of time indoors doing absolutely nothing. I receive little reward from accomplishing things. I can't perform activities that used to give me a sense of meaning. I feel dull, lazy, and lame. I think I used to be bright, but perhaps that is a bias.
 I feel broken and unable to recover from this feeling, so I am going to probably kill myself. Sometime soon, within the next month. I don't really want to leave a suicide note for anyone to find. I just want to disappear somehow.
 I don't see any other way to escape this loop of self-loathing."
"Can depressant meds control paranoia?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Can depressant meds control paranoia?  Hi guys,
 I have been diagnosed with major depression 2 months ago. I started my treatment immediately but i abriptly stopped taking medications and instead started practicing meditation. I have been really really annoyed and angry at people lately which i guess is the side effects and I'm hoping it would go away soon but the major change i have seen is I'm AGAIN getting paranoid about people trying to plot against me. I feel people are plotting against me(not everyone just some collegues who genuinely hate me) but the feeling is back again so was the depressants keeping it under check? Also, my speech is getting slurred lately with/without meds. I'm unable to form a proper sentence while speaking and sometimes gibberish comes out of my mouth before i correct it. Is something else wrong with me?"
"Can I find work in nuclear power if I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder?  Close  6  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Can I find work in nuclear power if I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder?  I have major depressive disorder.  I was wondering if anyone has experience working in nuclear power with this disorder or in trying to find work.  I would also like to hear from any hiring managers or anyone who can provide information on the subject.
  
 Thanks"
Can I get high off adderall if I take antidepressants and antipsychotics?  Close  0  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Can I get high off adderall if I take antidepressants and antipsychotics?  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and I'm currently taking three different medications (Lexapro, Abilify and Lamictal) I was wondering if I could get high off Adderall. I heard you can't get high off Vyvanse if you take an antipsychotic but does that apply to Adderall too? If I can get high off Adderall how much would be a good dose to get a decent rush?
"Can somebody please tell me if I've experienced ego death/loss? Are the two even the same? Still have the same anxieties.  Close  0  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Can somebody please tell me if I've experienced ego death/loss? Are the two even the same? Still have the same anxieties.  Hi Psychonauts! Hope you all are enjoying the moment.
 As you've gathered from the title, I am not even sure if Ego Death and Ego Loss are synonymous, or if there are certain stages of Ego Death ranging from 1-5, Defcon style.
 I will begin by pointing out my crazy ideas. I know about the matrix of intelligence. I've felt it possibly. You know, the Well of Consciousness. The Sea of Being. The Omniscient no-bullshit Godlike something or other that knows everything, and you have to abandon all your worldly views, and ego, and just give in, and be part of the Whole Thing.
 Aside from that, the universe (macro) and we (micro) we are growing out of time taking on a form, dying, and becoming formless again. It is a cycle. There might be reincarnation, but I don't know.
 So I think something is wrong because despite seemingly giving in and letting go of my ego, it was lead me to deeper anxiety, less depression in the long run. In the short run the anxiety was gone though. The depression became a non-issue actually because it wasn't depression, just real life stuff, if both of your parents just died it's normal to feel shitty.
 Every time it's like a Double-Edged sword. It made me appreciate every sentient being and respect and admire creatures, animals, trees, plants, nature. But I became so hypersensitive I basically quit my dream job to spend more time with my cat, because I saw a lonely cat-child in that innocent and Oneness coming from my cat, and noticed that it was suffering by being lonely for 8 hours a day. I couldn't afford to adopt a second cat, and so I quit to spend more time with my cat because I know this potent, friendly, intelligent, funny being has an expiration date. So I chose to be at home with my cat and ultimately ended up dirt-poor, on welfare, and having to move into a shitty closet essentially over the stability and career growth and money, and ultimately the financial stability for my cat to be happy, being safe and playing at home with me, bliss....and who knows what would have happened with that job...that's my justification lol.
 Now I'm a very cautious user of psychedelics because I always get scared of going ""too far"", so my doses for my numerous (3-5+) experiences with the following drugs have all been moderately mild, at least that's what I assume.
 Salvia 20x (apparently so ?), 1-10 times, smoked in a bowl. Shrooms, thrice, around 3-5 grams. LSD, 30-220ug at least 10 times. Shrooms
 I've given in every single time, but it wasn't really a choice. I don't struggle with anything, perhaps a minor heart-race, but afterwards - especially with Salvia Divinorum - I just collapse into bed, become an atom in the fabric of my couch, and just give in with euphoria and content for eternity. With 3.5-5g shrooms, I also just curl up in the fetal position and just give in to my mind's thoughts and giggle occasionally. With LSD, it's the same thing albeit with a bit more anxiety on the come up so I have to breath deeply, after that it's smooth sailing into the Truth. I've never had a bad trip, I guess, even though I am diagnosed with major depression/anxiety and SSRI's didn't help, took some Paxil once for 2 weeks and was actually suicidal, so yeah.
 On a more simple note and conclusion, all these psychedelics allow me to connect with music/nature/people but that state of being of ""freedom"" for all of those drugs only stays with me for a week tops for all of the psychs listed. After which I go back to my old insecure, anxiety-ridden, self who loves in poverty.
 There is a flip side, of course. I'd like to believe I am much more open-minded about anything, I appreciate the subtle things I never noticed before, I am more calm, but I'm still the same irritable insecure asshole I was before these experiences.
 I want to change. What gives? Please help."
Can’t stop being angry after conflict resolution  Seeking Support  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  Can’t stop being angry after conflict resolution  Seeking Support  Hi so i’m not sure if i should post this because I haven’t formally been diagnosed. However, I have been diagnosed with major depression, anxiety, and ADHD, and every symptom that goes along with bpd ..i check off. I notice that when i get irrationally angry about something it can take me hours to get over it even if the conflict has already been resolved. it’s as if the resolution wasn’t good enough for me or i don’t feel satisfied with the outcome. this usually happens with my boyfriend (we’ve been dating for two years and he’s super supportive of me and my mental struggles) and i always feel HORRIBLE. he is the sweetest human i’ve ever met and i can’t stop myself from yelling at him. It’s like i find things to get mad at him for because he’s so perfect. I don’t know how to end this post but if anyone has any tips or input i would really appreciate it as i’m feeling very lost.
"Can't bring myself [24F] to have sex with partner [27M]  Close  0  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Can't bring myself [24F] to have sex with partner [27M]  I'll try to keep it brief. I really don't know what's going on, and I feel terrible. My bf of 6 years is very dedicated and very loving, we've survived hell together, and even better, he's been working out and getting in-shape. My bf is very tactile and intimate, very considerate, we've never had issues in bed. On the other hand, I have eternal issues with intimacy, both physical and emotional. I'm diagnosed with major depression and ptsd. For the better part of 2 years, I've had limited to 0 sex drive. I'm talking 7 month dry spells, give or take. And when we try to be intimate, cuddling, just being close, whatever, I feel nothing. I feel completely neutral and like I cannot emote, and I have no control over it. He doesn't take outward offense to it, and will sometimes ask ""is this okay?"" to be sure, but I can tell it's hurting him. We've already had discussions about it, how I feel and if I'm comfortable, but there doesn't seem to be a solution. I worry he feels unloved, and I feel pathetic.
 I don't have other men in my life and don't feel attracted to anyone else. My conditions thus far have been fairly un-treatable, I manage symptoms with marijuana. Seeking professional help isn't an option.
 What can I do?"
"Can't do this anymore  REQUESTING SUPPORT  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  Can't do this anymore  REQUESTING SUPPORT  I'll be 30 next year, I'm not where I imagined I'd be in life. I don't find any joy with the things i used to love doing. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and BPD. If that's not good enough, I have treatment resistant depression.
 After a shitty break up 3 years ago and not wanting to get into another relationship because I know I don't have it in me for another heartbreak. I started seeing this girl in February, and things were great and we used to see each other and talk all the time. But the last couple of weeks she has been distant, she doesn't talk to me like she used to.
 I started overthinking and expecting the worse till I just cried last night, expecting the one thing that's keeping me going and feeling content is gonna slip away.
 Sure enough a couple of hours ago she texted me saying she doesn't love me as much as I love her. I'm at a lost. I'm tired, it hurts, I can't do this anymore. I've got nothing else to live for, nothing to make me want to wake up again. I don't care about my job or anything else. I just want out now. I can't do this anymore. I really can't. My head hurts, everything hurts it's like happiness and peace of mind was never meant for me."
"Can't do this anymore.  Personal issues  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  Can't do this anymore.  Personal issues  I'll be 30 next year, I'm not where I imagined I'd be in life. I don't find any joy with the things i used to love doing. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and BPD. If that's not good enough, I have treatment resistant depression.
 After a shitty break up 3 years ago and not wanting to get into another relationship because I know I don't have it in me for another heartbreak. I started seeing this girl in February, and things were great and we used to see each other and talk all the time. But the last couple of weeks she has been distant, she doesn't talk to me like she used to.
 I started overthinking and expecting the worse till I just cried last night, expecting the one thing that's keeping me going and feeling content is gonna slip away.
 Sure enough a couple of hours ago she texted me saying she doesn't love me as much as I love her. I'm at a lost. I'm tired, it hurts, I can't do this anymore. I've got nothing else to live for, nothing to make me want to wake up again. I don't care about my job or anything else. I just want out now. I can't do this anymore. I really can't. My head hurts, everything hurts it's like happiness and peace of mind was never meant for me.
 Tldr feeling hopeless, seems like happiness and peace of mind was never meant for me."
"Can't tell if I'm depressed because I don't care or if I don't care because I'm depressed.  Close  1  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Can't tell if I'm depressed because I don't care or if I don't care because I'm depressed.  (Background - I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and I'm on medication.)
 So I'm starting this summer camp teaching job on Monday. When I got hired for it I was pretty excited. For a while I put off prepping lesson plans because I tend to procrastinate anyway.
 For the past week or so I've been getting depressed, and started having bouts of anxiety about starting this job.
 The other night I came to the conclusion that I don't actually care about this job, and I've barely done any prep work for it. I keep fantasizing that I'll go into a coma just to avoid dealing with this job.
 I'm definitely going to at least try the job, and not just quit. Ideally, I'll end up loving it and being motivated and all that. Other scenarios involve not liking it but doing it anyway, absolutely dreading it and doing it anyway, quitting after the first week, and having some sort of intense anxiety attack the first day (I've had intense anxiety attacks in the past).
 I'm also bitter in general because I took the past year off as a medical leave to treat my depression, which I did (for the most part), but since I wasn't a student I wasn't able to apply for math research funds/REUs, which is what I really wanted to do. It was like I was being punished for going on a medical leave. God dammit.
 I'm not necessarily asking for advice, I'm just venting, instead of doing the lesson plan prep."
"Childhood Flashbacks  Advice Needed  Close  2  Posted by  10 days ago  Childhood Flashbacks  Advice Needed  Just something important to add before I start I guess. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and am suspected to also have hypo manic depression. I am also 18 years old.
 So, recently in my dreams I have been having flashbacks to my childhood. When I have these flashbacks in my dreams I will begin to cry a lot. I will then proceed to wake up in a panic after this has happened. Whenever I try and fall back asleep after the dream I will have more flashbacks to my childhood which cause me to get up in a panic once more. This can happen multiple times and causes me to not be able to go back to sleep (like right now). These flashbacks are not of bad moments but are of places where I loved and truly miss. I had some rough times in childhood but the flashbacks are of happy places.
 This is something which has been relatively very recently but it continually keeps happening. I'm not sure if this is just a part of growing up or what. Has anyone else ever experienced this, know what I'm talking about, or have any advice? Thanks."
"College Anxiety  School/Exams  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  College Anxiety  School/Exams  Background about me: I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Avoidant Personality Disorder. My anxiety shows up primarily with respect to college... I graduated HS in 2007, straight A's, AP classes, etc. But in 2009 or 2010 I started having severe anxiety about going to class at the state university I attended. I started skipping classes, then failing classes, then not attending any classes at all.
 I started lying to my wife, my parents, everyone really... about my classes. I couldn't bear the shame that I was a failure in college. Last year, I eventually got a job requiring a degree, and when it was finally revealed that I didn't have one, I was let go. Obviously all my lies were exposed. The silver lining was that, finally, after at least 6 years, I was seeking help for my illness.
 It's 10 years since HS graduation now, and I haven't finished my undergraduate degree. I don't know my cumulative GPA, and I don't want to. I'm attending my 5th university (this one is completely online), and I'm still fighting with my anxiety every day in order to make any progress. At times, I will avoid my schoolwork and professors for weeks at a time.
 I don't know if I'm asking a question, or seeking reassurance, or what... but I just found out that one of my closest friends is struggling in very similar ways, and I feel like I want to join some sort of community. So here I am.
 tl;dr  I have depression and anxiety. It is really severe wrt college."
"Completion: Fat loss/Male/6'4""/381.5 lbs  Close  •  Posted by   BTFC Veteran   1 hour ago  Completion: Fat loss/Male/6'4""/381.5 lbs  Pics will be added tonight after work.
 Well, I did not do the great.   I'm down about ten pounds, even though I was down 24 for the lowest a month ago.  It's this friggin depression and stay at home.  I can't go see my counselor, and telemedicine does   not   cut it.  We've only been able to have one appointment in the last two months and it shows.   Luckily, I was still able to get into my psychologist to finish my testing before the stay at home and just after it I got to go back into the office to go over my results.  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
 So, while I haven't done much with my body health & fitness, I have found a road to travel now for my mental health & fitness.  I have started binge eating again at night, but hopefully I have stopped again, or will stop soon.  It's so damn hard.  It's almost like autopilot, go grab a snack, which ends up being 4 hot pockets, 2 frozen burritos, and 3 bowls of cereal by the time I can actually stop it.  Yes, that is the exact thing I ate the other day... at 10:00 pm.  I normally do not even have that type of food in the house but right now we have it because of the stay-at-home order and the kiddos school being closed for the rest of the year.  It was supposed to be so I had quick food to make for his breakfast and lunch, but since I smashed it all, I won't be getting more.  We'll go back to having one of his favorites for breakfast. Instead of shit cereal, he loves to make a muesli thing with rolled oats, and add milk, a little honey, and some raisins or other fruit, or a bit of yogurt with granola and banana.
 I have been offered and accepted a mod position over at the new  r/FitChallenge  where I am hoping that will allow me to focus more on getting healthier with lots of support and motivation.  Come check out the sub, we are starting our first challenge on May 10, we'd love to have you all :)"
"Consistently Lethargic and Unfocused, what do I do?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Consistently Lethargic and Unfocused, what do I do?  21 / 5'6.5'' / 128lbs / BMI 20.4 / F / Non smoker / 
  My complaint simply put, I find myself to be excessively lethargic throughout the bulk of the day.  This has been a problem throughout most of my life and now that I'm coming of age and having lots of responsibilities it is becoming more noticeably straining and worrisome. I am frequently worn out by the most menial tasks and given the opportunity I will spend most of my day sitting around when I could be using this time to you know be productive and make an effort to improve different facets of my life. I can barely keep myself motivated and focused on a specific task and this is very frustrating. I don't want to be like this, theres so much I want to do! However, it seems like my body doesn't get the memo and just wants to sleep all the time or just stay still. Some trends are that it usually flares up either at work or after I have socialized/gone out in public. And it feels less like I have to sleep or nap but more so like I have zero energy and can't find the strength to move and do tasks that may need or wanted to be done. I am not the kind of person who wants to rely on a drug like caffeine or amphetamines to overcome this because I can not become dependent on those. So I get rightfully so very frustrated by this. I can't tell wether it's my diet, my lifestyle, vitamins, or a deeper psychological problem. I want to be more!
 Some noteworthy information: my diet is infrequent and I rarely eat 3 meals a day or get my daily caloric intake, mostly because I either forget to eat or I am too unmotivated to get up and cook or go shopping so I just resort to eating out every day. As well I am diagnosed with Major Depression, Anxiety, and PTSD."
"Crucible and pinnacle weapoms  Bungie Suggestion  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Crucible and pinnacle weapoms  Bungie Suggestion  TL/DR I absolutely love Destiny (it's the only game I ALWAYS return to). I'm 44 years old. I've always had difficulty in the crucible. Not simply because I'm not good at it (although I'm no pro) but because it has always brought a level of anxiety that I never really enjoyed. In the past I was able, in D1, to muscle through pvp to aquire whatever weapon was available only there.
 Since the release of D2, however, I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety keeping pvp effectively beyond my reach.
 Through the course of playing pve content, I'm finding such weapons as Recluse and MT to be highly sought after for their effectiveness and (dare I say it) fun. I absolutely refuse to pay someone to get these items for me simply on principle alone. ""Just have someone carry you"" you might say. Even if I knew someone with such skill, I literally can't even load into comp without violently shaking, sweating, and (embarrassingly enough) crying.
 To those who have never had a debilitating issue such as this I completely understand doubts to my absolute inability to play and do not expect any special treatment.
 When the Thorn quest came out I was excited simply for the fact that you were able to choose between pvp and pve for the initial parts but found later that to complete it requires mandatory crucible play.
 My suggestion is simply this. To expand on the idea to give choice to how weapons, especially those well suited to pve, are acquired. Even if the secondary mission is considerably longer, 500 nightfalls for instance."
Currently I am 16, in 2 years, once I am 18 I plan on leaving this cult, my issue is I don't know how to tell my family I want to leave, I guess my biggest fear is since I have been part of this cult for so long and full heartedly believed for years this was the "truth"(I kind of always and my doughts, I mostly followed the rules they always mentioned, but "sinned" in secrecy). I was not able to make many friends, since anybody who isn't a JW is litteraly Satan, I was also never able to have a girlfriend, the only care I had was from my parents, and if I leave, the made up rules state the family can't have any contact, or they never again be able to speak with the son, so I am now in the predicament of, if I find out a way to leave I am going to be 100% alone, and since I am diagnosed with Clinical Depression this will not help me at all... So now I ask the question how do I escape? Should I? I believe I Should escape, but that only means I will be even more alone :/
"DAE have recurring anxiety??  Close  3  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  DAE have recurring anxiety??  Okay so I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and social anxiety.  The thing is all my symptoms start to disappear around February but slowly creep back into my life around mid August... Every year for the past 10 years.
 Does this happen to anyone else?? It affects every aspect of my life to the point that my job history is fucked up and I'm worried about how I will have to explain this to my kids in the future.(I have to little ones)
 My social anxiety gets pretty severe, to the point where I am housebound and my SO is doing everything for me. Anyone have any idea what is going on with me?"
"DAE restrict purely as self harm?  Close  43  Posted by   [5'4"" | 30F | AN | N]   3 months ago  DAE restrict purely as self harm?  I’m fairly new to all of this although I’ve had bad habits for a while and always been somewhat thin.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and I am no stranger to self harm but I more recently started restricting calories as a more pervasive way to hurt myself.
 I like being thin but it’s not the end goal, I guess?
 Part of my self harm comes from not believing I’m actually depressed and having to “prove” to myself that something is wrong. Losing weight kind of seems like it’s working (but it’s certainly not helping me).
 Starting a partial hospitalization program for the depression next week and I’m I’m aiming to be officially underweight by then.
 Can anyone relate?"
"Daily random anxiety and lack of will to live.  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Daily random anxiety and lack of will to live.  I’m not really sure where to start. I don’t really feel like spilling my whole life story.
 Here’s a question, anyone ever had a relationship go on for years and end up in marriage and after all those years end up divorced? Ok those of you that identify with that, did your exwife remarry less than 6 months after the divorce to someone who could pass as looking close enough alike to be blood related to you? I mean it’s bad enough they remarried so soon, all those years meant that little to you? Does anyone ever care to get to know anyone anymore?
 It’s given me a disdain for society. Like I just want to crawl under a rock and keep to myself. Fuck everyone else man. And it’s not just about that. That’s one of the more sensitive issues in my life though.
 Somewhere along the line I started losing touch with myself and started in with this stupid fucking anxiety attacks and severe anxiety that happens for no fucking reason. I can’t even keep a job anymore it’s made me so unreliable. There’s days I don’t even leave the house any more. I can be fine and feeling pretty damned good and it’s like someone came up to me with a basket of kittens and said “LOOK HOW ADORABLE THEY ARE” and ran away from me with them, pulled the pin on a grenade and dropped it into the basket blowing them to absolute shreds, after which they pulled out a gun and started shooting at me for no reason.
 That’s how much my anxiety is random and depressing and it makes it hard going in stores because being in a populated store and trying to think is a nice little trigger for me.
 It’s to the point I can’t leave the house without benzos and sometimes THOSE don’t even cover it. I end up having to take seroquel (which is an antipsychotic, isn’t that wonderful? Am I going through full blown psychosis or what?) to shut me down for the rest of the day because I start wondering about dark things like: if a 12 guage slugger to the mouth would be less painful than living like this for the rest of my life.
 It has gotten worse over time and started even before the divorce. I’ve been on many different high power medications since I was a child and I’m begining to wonder if there is some real permanent damage from all that shit.
 I just don’t give a shit about life anymore. If I actually died I wouldn’t feel scared or bummed out. I feel like it would be a welcome relief. I know one of you magnificent fuckers out there knows exactly what I’m talking about. I’m not even sure what I stand to gain by posting this. Anyone? I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and severe panic disorder along with ADD.
 (EDIT: After getting some sleep I realized how unforgiving this wall of text was. Spaced it out a little bit more because my inner OCD grammar nazi was about to start committing acts of self harm.)"
"Dating a person diagnosed with mental illness  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  Dating a person diagnosed with mental illness  For people diagnosed with any mental illness, how can you maintain a healthy romantic relationship with someone?
 Context: I (24F) have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder when I was 22. I was on medication on and off but now I'm taking them as prescribed and going on regular check ups with my psychiatrist.
 I have never been in a relationship until four months ago when I started dating someone. This person knows my condition and has been really patient and accepting of me. He has also struggled with depression some years back and knows how it feels. We are now exclusively dating and I feel that our relationship is going the serious route but I am afraid of sharing my emotional baggage because he might eventually get tired of me. I really like this person and he's the first to ever accept this side of mine. He constantly reassures me and I know that my fear is irrational but I can't shake the negative thoughts out of my mind. Please help. :("
"Dating for people diagnosed with mental illness  Close  11  Posted by  3 months ago  Dating for people diagnosed with mental illness  Originally posted on  r/mentalhealth  but thought it would fit here as well
 For people diagnosed with any mental illness, how can you maintain a healthy romantic relationship with someone?
 Context: I (24F) have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder when I was 22. I was on medication on and off but now I'm taking them as prescribed and going on regular check ups with my psychiatrist.
 I have never been in a relationship until four months ago when I started dating someone. This person knows my condition and has been really patient and accepting of me. He has also struggled with depression some years back and knows how it feels. We are now exclusively dating and I feel that our relationship is going the serious route but I am afraid of sharing my emotional baggage because he might eventually get tired of me. I really like this person and he's the first to ever accept this side of mine. He constantly reassures me and I know that my fear is irrational but I can't shake the negative thoughts out of my mind. Please help. :("
Depo shot side effects  Mistake or Risk?  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Depo shot side effects  Mistake or Risk?  I recently got the depo shot a month ago, one day after a complete miscarriage at 7 weeks. My OB gave me the shot because I fell pregnant on the pill (most likely because of my digestive issues). So I agreed to the depo. Since then, I have been more depressed (I have been diagnosed with major depression for years and have always taken Zoloft), I have crazy mood swings that I don’t understand, my scalp has gotten more dry and itchy, and my acne has flared up (I have extremely dry skin and never had problems with acne until now). I am going to call my OB tomorrow to see if I can increase my Zoloft for the time being, I have an appointment with my therapy next Monday, and I’m definitely NOT going to do a second depo shot. Has anyone else had horrible side effects from the shot also? And how did you deal with it to make it better?
Depressed Empath  Close  17  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Depressed Empath  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) or otherwise known as clinical depression. I am in a much better place now due to therapy and medications. As an empath, I do feel that I am not able to access my ability as easily as I did before. Some would call it emotional blunting. I prefer who I have become now thanks to the help I have received but I cannot help but feel as though my empathic abilities are capped. I would say I am operating with 40 % of out a 100% tank, if that makes any sense. I am finishing my masters as a couple & family therapist and am concerned about being able to maintain and experience them.  I am curious what other empaths have to chime in having experienced this.
"Depressed, lonely and bored.  Close  3  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  Depressed, lonely and bored.  Using a throwaway. Warning: bit of a long rant ahead
 I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder since last dec. Currently it's the school holidays (until August) so there's nothing to distract me from feeling lousy and shitty all day long.
 My friends intially tried to be supportive, but after a few weeks they got tired of me not getting better, and now they don't contact me anymore. Heck, the one friend I thought would always be there for me would reply my texts with one-word answers, refuse to meet my eyes the one time we met outside for coffee (over 6 weeks ago). And now I find out she's left for a long vacation to Europe and didn't even tell me about that. I feel so upset over this even though I know she didn't do it on purpose.
 So now I've been spending time at home in my bed, occasionally getting up to feed my cats. Nothing is enjoyable anymore. Not even playing with my cats makes me happy. I'm depressed, lonely and bored, and I get panic attacks in the middle of the day sometimes because there is absolutely nothing I want/can do and no one I trust enough to call.
 What do you guys do to distract yourself when you feel like this?"
Depression and Losing Faith  Close  17  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Depression and Losing Faith  Currently I'm 23 years old, I'm one of those who grew up in the church, having faith for most of my life. I did all of the typical things, listened to sermons, sung praise, went to church camps, etc. Throughout my years my faith had shaken, but it has never been at the point it is now. I've been depressed for over a decade now, so for almost half of my lifespan thus far. For about the past year my mild to moderate depression turned severe, and I've had suicidal thoughts pretty much daily, multiple times a day; I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder. My illness has brought me to a place where I've seriously questioned my faith, and I believe I have lost it entirely now. As well, I'm fairly certain that I don't believe there is a god anymore. Or if there is I don't believe they are an all powerful god of love as Christianity teaches us. Like others, depression has taken a lot from me.. It has taken a long-term relationship from me, it has caused me to be unemployed, and currently my home that I bought with my ex is on the way to foreclosure... Now it has even taken my faith away, and I feel like I'm not left with much. I'm back to living with my parents right now, they're supportive of me and do their best to take care of me in my illness; though my father is disabled, and my mother works for slightly above minimum wage even though in her condition she should probably be retired.. I'm financially broke and in debt, and I feel like I am a burden to my parents... I think the only reason I haven't killed myself is because of my family and friends; though at times I worry that they might not be enough to keep me here... I also worry that losing my faith might worsen my depression, and make suicide more likely.. I'm really not sure what I'm expecting to get out of this. Maybe someone else who has gone through this might be able to chime in with a response. Anyway, if you've read this, thanks for taking the time to do so.
"Depression came back after trying a new strain of Cannabis  Close  6  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Depression came back after trying a new strain of Cannabis  I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder, but for the last two months I've had almost no symptoms at all.
 During this time everything I smoked was from the same strain, sadly don't know which one. Three days ago I tried some homegrown White Widow, and about 10 minutes after smoking, my depression fully came back and hasn't gone away even after staying sober.
 Does anyone have an explanation why this happened?"
"Depression destroyed my life and I dont know what to do.  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  Depression destroyed my life and I dont know what to do.  I am 17 M I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, OCD and social anxiety, and I might have ADHD.
 I don't know what to do. Everyday is suffering, It's for me to learn, everythinh isn't fun, I can't concentrate, I always feel nothing, I am losing my relationship with people, I constantly isolate myself. I've tried going to a psychiatrist 2 times but they didnt help at all 1 of them misdiagnosed me then gave me the wrong pills that gave me halluconations and schizophrenic like symptoms, one of the worst week of my life. After that my father wont let me go to a therapist or any kind of mental health professional cause he thinks that I am the only one that can fix my mental issues, which I tried I've tried exposure, meditation, exercise, inspiring videos, you name it, nothinh helped. I am pretty hopeless ans honestly suicidal, I feel like I am a prisoner of my brain and no one understands me. The only one that understands me is my mom, she said thta she might bring me to a therapist and psychiatrist again but it would take 2 months at least of waiting because of financial and place issues. I don't know if I can last that, I can't endure this anymore, everyday is uncomfortable and I am experiencing psychomatic sensations everytime it's really uncomfortable. What's the point of me living if I am like this, I am enduring this for the past 5 years and I am just done with it."
"Depression sucks. Makes you question whether you're on the right or just overthinking.  Close  3  Posted by  1 month ago  Depression sucks. Makes you question whether you're on the right or just overthinking.  I've been struggling with this for years. I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. I've had friends who are really nice and cool, and know im mentally ill. Ive k own them for years.
 However, as time passed by, i felt more and more like they dont want me there anymore. like i dont matter to them. Like i feel like they dont like me for some reason. So at first, I acknowledged within me that maybe, its my anxiety talking?
 But then i pick up small clues here and there. Being deliberately ignored in a convo, not acknowledging when youre asking how theyre doing or whats up, but you see them totally talking to other friends online about everything to everybody else, messages ignored for days, weeks, despite you seeing them replying to everybody else, them reacting to every comment except yours, etc. You know, the little things that pile up... makes me overthink so much if im just being an asshole, or are these feelings valid? Because they sure hurt as hell and i cant seem to stop it.
 I ask if they have a problem with me, they say ""nah totally cool no prob"", but their actions and the way they treat me suggest otherwise
 It probably comes from the fact that they're all averse to confrontation and prefer being passive aggressive
 I love them very much, and i dont think i can find people as unique as them anytime soon, and no one else seems to care about how im doing, and if im okay, despite letting slip some signs that i really want to kill myself.
 Its like theyre so done with me already, and dont care. It hurts because i feel this same feeling with my supposed best friend.
 Im not sure if it truly is my fault or does part of the problem lie with them too? I dont remember being overly needy or edgy recently, and i know i shouldnt treat friends as therapists, but idk???
 Honestly i want to die right now coz i hate myself, and i know am a shitty person.
 Theres alot more going on but im afraid it wont fit in this single post, which is already a wall of text. So i tried to put in a summary.
 Im sorry if its a confusing wall of texts. Im really just writing as im crying. Coz everything hurts so much, but no one in my supposed friend group cares, and that makes it hurt much much more.
 I just want the pain to stop. Why wont this pain go away."
Depression, Anxiety & Panic Disorder  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Depression, Anxiety & Panic Disorder  I am 25 F and I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Panic Disorder since I was 16. AMA?
Depressive psychosis  Close  6  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Depressive psychosis  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder with Psychotic Features, aka psychotic depression or depressive psychosis. I've been suffering from psychosis for almost a year. I'm on medications now but I'm still very sensitive to triggers. I just want to know there's someone out there like me. I want to talk to someone who has experience coping with it.
Diagnosis oddly freeing, is that bad?  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Diagnosis oddly freeing, is that bad?  After seeing a therapist for 3 months now, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder. He prescribed medication and it seems like he thinks this is a deep seated problem. It feels.. kind of nice? I've always been worried that I'm faking my emotions (or lack of) to myself for pity, is it bad that I feel somewhat better having an official diagnosis?
Did you feel "relief" when you first recognized that depersonalization described exactly how you have felt????  Close  22  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Did you feel "relief" when you first recognized that depersonalization described exactly how you have felt????  I feel the weight constantly getting lighter as I read people's experiences with DP/DR. I feel like I finally know who I am after all these years. I had my first episode when I was 9/10 years old, and I just thought that me feeling my body blowing up like a bubble was just a dream. But as I got older I experienced that same feeling over and over again along with other things as well. Since they started in my childhood I accepted it was normal and that everyone felt this way so I never brought it up. Just like I thought that not being able to hear from one ear was normal but finally in 5th grade got diagnosed with single sided deafness. I hope my therapy session will give me some closure and help me get properly diagnosed. I've been diagnosed with major depression twice already but I was never able to explain how I felt since I tend to choke a lot when I try explaining how I feel; it feels like I suddenly forget what I was about to say and end up saying a simple sentence that ends with them telling me "I don't understand, I need you to give me more details" so i give up and I drop it.
"Different types of OCD? OCD vs. ADHD? Vyvanse?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Different types of OCD? OCD vs. ADHD? Vyvanse?  Hey Everyone,
 I'm long-winded and a very detailed-oriented person, so I will do my best to keep this short and to the point.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and anxiety for about 15 years now. Recently, my doctor picked up on something I said and he prescribed me vyvanse. I started off at 30mg and really didn't see a difference and then he kicked it up to 60 mg and when I take it I feel like superman. I suppose 45 mg would be my sweet spot, if there is such a thing. I don't take it every day, but, when I do I work like a dog for 12-15 hours. I get so much accomplished. One of the bigger effects of my major depression is chronic and debilitating fatigue and vyvanse kicks that in the but hard.
 On to my question.... I always thought of my myself as OCD and a definate perfectionist. When I work on a project I have to do it to the very best of my ability and I go deep and down into every rabbit hole possible. When working on something I find has meaning, yes this definately happens, but, even work projects that I just need to get done and check a box I have to do to the very best of my ability and likely taking 3x or more of my peers. I have left employers numerous times in my career, for a number of reasons, but, I am also seeing a trend in which I love to learn, so while I'm learning things go well, but, once I master everything I get bored and a new challenge grabs my attention. That aspect is the closest thing I have found to a traditional ADHD aspect to my personality, otherwise I am SO DETAIL ORIENTED most people that know me can't believe it and assume I have OCD. I'm trying to wrap my head around why my doctor prescribed an ADHD med to someone who has OCD type tendencies.
 Thank you in advance and any advise would be appreciate!"
"Disclosure of disability to potential employers  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Disclosure of disability to potential employers  Hey guys. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I have also attempted suicide in the past. Should I disclose my disability to potential employers?
 I know this is not a computer science question, but I am a coder. And I am going to be working as a coder in the future.
 Thank you"
"Do I have a case for wrongfully termination for a disability? [Maine]  Disability Issues  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Do I have a case for wrongfully termination for a disability? [Maine]  Disability Issues  Hello, I am a long time lurker of this sub I have never had a reason to post here before now. Please let me know if there is any crucial information I might have missed!
 I would like to start by saying that I have documented the circumstances of the termination  and my monthly reviews. I did not get a termination notice or a reason for being terminated, and have tried to obtain a personnel file to no avail. I also am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and rapid cycling.
 A week ago I was terminated for ""no reason"". I had been at my current place of work for 3 months before I was termed. In my time with the company I collected monthly written reviews from my supervisor that were all great and received great customer feedback overall. (I was not able to retrieve any of the customer emails though).
  [backstory for context] 
 I had chosen to not to disclose my disabilities to my employer when signing the employee agreement. Shortly after I was hired I was put on medication for my depression, I then chose to verbally disclose this information to my supervisor. After that I had felt a direct disconnect between my supervisor and I, we wouldn't talk as much, he was less likely to answer any training questions (if he did answer he wasn't happy about it), and would put more and more of his work on me, which made me very uncomfortable, as I was just starting a new job. At this point I asked him if I could have an hour off every other Monday for appointments with my psychiatrist, he agreed to this arrangement. I had just had my 3 month review the Friday previous to to my Monday fire date. The review went well and i thought everything was going great.
 Now that I got the backstory out of the way I would like to jump forward to the day I was let go. I went in on Monday and everything seemed normal.
  [This is my written documentation from that day] 
 Upon my arrival to work I had told my boss what time my psychiatric appointment was. He replied ""ok thats fine."" So I continue to work because there is a ton of stuff on my plate that day. About a half hour after I let him know what time I will be leaving he tells me that he and my other supervisor would like to have a quick follow up about our review before I left for therapy. It is now time for the follow up meeting. They both start by making jokes about how ""everyone at this company works really hard... and is a family."" After about a minute or two of the random inside jokes and giggling between the two of them my supervisor get straight faced and says ""we are going to terminate your contract."" To which I reply ""what is the reasoning?"" Their collective reasoning was ""We think you are not mentally capable of handling the amount of work put on you."" Astonished I reply by saying, ""My monthly reviews do not reflect this, is there anything else?"" They reply with ""We don't really need a reason it just sucks for you but this is effective immediately."" I was then promptly escorted out and was not allowed back to my desk to gather my belongings or talk to anyone. Since then I have emailed requesting a summary of my termination or a personnel file and they just keeping telling me ""this is something we do not typically do."" They are also making it hard for me to apply for unemployment by not supplying their EIN  and putting me on hold until I hang up.
 I don't know if I am over thinking this but it seems directly related to me disclosing my disability, do I have a case here If so what else would I need to be successful?"
"Do you lack the motivation and/or discipline to do the things you want to do?  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Do you lack the motivation and/or discipline to do the things you want to do?  With few exceptions I have been very alone and lonely my whole life. I have been diagnosed with major depression disorder and AvPD/social anxiety. I have come to accept that I cannot survive in our modern individualistic society. Left to my own devices I will isolate myself and escape into oblivion. My happiest times have been in highly structured environments where I have been forced (not literally forced but socially forced) to be productive and social.
 These happy times include participating in Americorps NCCC and going to inpatient drug-rehab. I loved rehab and didn't want to leave!
 What I am proposing is something in between a hippie commune and army barracks. We will live, eat, cook, clean, exercise, do activities, and make decisions together. There will be a strict schedule, we will have a peer group therapy session every day. We will help each other out and become a very tight-knit community.
 Living communally and in a highly structured way would give us the productivity and socialization that eludes us now. It would make us feel useful and contented and allow us not merely to survive but to thrive!
 I've been planning this for a month now and have a lot more to say but I want to know if anyone here is interested or has any questions. Feel free to respond in the comments or PM me."
"Doctor only diagnosed me with ""personality disorder""  Venting  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Doctor only diagnosed me with ""personality disorder""  Venting  After a suicide hospitalization, three days in the psych ward, twelve days inpatient, after six medications including three anti anxieties, two antidepressants, and an antipsychotic, after two years of frustrating psychiatrists not listening to me and being inappropriate, I finally get my diagnoses.
 And my psychiatrist didn't even tell me what they were. I found out from my case manager, when she gave me a letter I need for school proving I'm receiving mental health services.
 I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder and ""personality disorder"".
 What the fuck! I've told six psychiatrists my symptoms over and over again and i don't even get a solid, real diagnosis? Depending on the cluster and the disorder itself, ""personality disorder"" could mean fucking anything. It could mean I'm paranoid. It could mean I don't want to interact with people. It could mean I make up fantasy worlds and believe I have magic powers, or it could mean I'm codependent.
 I'm borderline. Please, please just give me my diagnosis so I can get treatment."
"Doctors Seem to Always Brush Off My Concerns  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Doctors Seem to Always Brush Off My Concerns  I am not sure if this is the appropriate sub so feel free to redirect me.
 I have a handful of examples of this, I feel that a lot of these situations are simply due to the fact I’m young and a woman.
 When I was 12 my parents took me to see their therapist because they found out I self harmed. After one session the therapist had my mom come in by herself. He told her I was just doing it for attention, I was perfectly fine, and the issue would go away in two weeks. Now, at 18, I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety, and PTSD. I also went to inpatient treatment for 9 days after telling my counselor I was suffering suicidal ideation towards the end of my senior year.
 After that first session with a man I saw another male therapist three years later. While he was a bit more understanding he also pushed the idea that if I turned to god all of my problems would go away. I had been an atheist for three years by then and he was well aware of that.
 It wasn’t until I got a female therapist and psychiatrist that I was formally diagnosed and received REAL treatment. I just wish someone would’ve actually taken 12-15 year old me seriously. It possibly could’ve saved me that in patient trip in my senior year.
 The other ones are purely medical. I was born with an oversized tonsil. When they’re healthy I have maybe a 1.5cm space between my tonsils. Anytime I’m sick that completely closes up. Convenient enough that 90% of my sicknesses have something to do with my throat. My doctor when I was in elementary school told my parents that I should get them removed when I’m older. They had to monitor my snoring because she informed them if I got over 45sec wo a snore that means I’m dying in my sleep bc the tonsil is obstructing all breathing.
 Well I’m still here and my tonsils are still horrid. I finally got a referral to the only throat specialist in my area. My mom and I waited for 2 hours in the wait room past my appt time just to get in a room. The male specialist finally came in and after belittling my mom (basically treating her like she was stupid) he took one look at my throat and said I was fine. I told him all of the issues w my tonsils including the fact it’s difficult to swallow and breathe occasionally during the day. He wanted to screen me for sleep apnea before even considering removing them. I don’t have sleep apnea.
 I just recently went to my dentist and he told me that my tonsils make it incredibly difficult for me to breathe during sleep and I’m likely not getting enough air to my brain while I’m sleeping. I told him about what my specialist wanted to do. He told me they were wrong and he’s supposed to screen for sleep apnea AFTER tonsil removal.
 Since I have anxiety any heart issues I bring up are also brushed off. I recently started having unprovoked bouts of my BPM exceeding 155 for over an hour. This is not an anxiety attack. I can literally hear and feel my heart beating, my chest hurts, and none of my breathing exercises do anything. I brought it up to my female doctor recently and she just blamed my anxiety and proceeded to question why I don’t take certain psychiatric meds anymore. Because they make it WORSE, Karen! I was literally told by my psychiatrist I am treatment resistant and my only option is ketamine infusions.
 So with that, I still have my gigantic tonsils and three disorders that will never go away for the rest of my life. I just wish someone had taken me seriously for my mental health when I was 12 at the very least.
 EDIT: I feel it also may be worth noting that heart issues do run in my family and my doctors are well aware of the history. My brother started having similar heart issues when he was my age and still has occasional heart murmurs and palpitations. It took five years for his to decrease to just these two issues. However, when he brought it up to his doctor in a similar fashion he was immediately referred to a cardiologist and had appts with them every two weeks to monitor the issue."
"Does anybody feel like this?  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Does anybody feel like this?  Hi guys, I am currently seeking help for this and I have a psychiatrist appointment coming up so I not seeking a diagnosis per say but I just wanted to know if anyone relates to any of these feelings i've had in the past. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and GAD but I don't feel as tho this is correct. This is because I dont indentify as being suicidal and I feel as if my moods rapidly swap all the time. Here are all the thoughts I have written down and I dont expect anyone to read them all!
   I can have times when I’m low where something will happen and ill feel happy but it goes away quickly
   Constant mood swings, my mood can shift weekly, every few days or even daily
   Can start the day really happy, confident and motivated and end up in bed by 4 not wanting to do anything
   I feel like my mood rapidly shifts
   Can sit up all night doing an assignment one day and then one day not feel motivated enough to even look at it regardless of how much the subject matter appeals to me
   Feel guilty for some of the feelings I feel inflated self esteem whist confident
   People have noticed, including partners, housemates and family members, that I act like a different person all the time
   Still feel like I still withhold the same morals ie I hate it when people mock the disabled or homeless
   Often withdraw from friends
   Often cancel plans or say I’m good to go but then decide not too
   Extreme guilt for no reason but especially when I talk about my feelings to anyone
   Get obsessed with things easily
   In terms of diabetes, I can go from being up in which case I’ll either be really motivated or I wont control as I don’t feel like it will affect me ie I can eat this cake and not having anything happen but when I’m low I don’t really care about how I feel and will not have good control either
   Never been able to get control of my diabetes because during my up phase I’m incredibly motivated but it doesn’t last long as I slip into a demotivated state
   When I’m in my Up phase, I’m motivated but almost too motivated i.e. I want to fix my diabetes, I want to fix my mental health, I want to do better at work, I want to join a sports team, I want to join a support group, I want to do more gigs, I want to do things outside of what I’m confortable, I want to do photography, I want to surf, I feel like I want to do everything all at once but then I feel regret and guilt
   I don’t identify with the person I am when I’m up/hyper, I feel talkative, I feel like I have too many thoughts going though my head, I feel like I’m annoying people, I feel overly confident and that I can do anything if I try hard enough
   When I’m low I feel unmotivated and lazy and slow and stupid
   Sometimes I feel so much emotion and empathy and sometimes I feel like I completely lack it
   My opinions flip all the time, I feel resentment for people I love for no reason
   I feel like I’m better than people but also like I’m worse than everyone at the same time
   There are people I feel like I want to impress one day and then the next I feel like I have no need to
   Annoyed in both periods
   Constant depression: low more than up
   Randomly Hyper for no reason
   I feel irritated when hyper and defensive and stick up for myself which I don’t normally do
   Positive with all aspects of my life during up phase
   Appetite and weight is constantly shifting ie. Has ranged from 64-96kgs. Some days I don’t want to eat at all and some days I’m incredibly hungry
   Very varied sex drive
   Sleep is sometimes good sometimes really bad as I have too many thoughts racing through my brain
   Incredible fear of rejection – feel like I apologise for the things I don’t feel like I should in fear of losing people and sacrificing thing for the same reason
   Relationships are very difficult, I go from being very very loving to very withdrawn.
   Spent nearly $1000 on others at Christmas, even tho I didn’t really have the money
   Constantly have hobbies that I don’t finish and cycle though them
   I constantly cancel plans as I make them when I’m happy
   I feel like there are 3 people and I only identify with the middle person
   Depressed person, calm and happy (no need to make people laugh or need to impress, And hyper (talkative, confident, funny, engaging, energetic)
   Feel like I don’t live up to anything, feel like I’m worse than everything and not good at anything
   Go from not wanting to be around anyone in fear of social humiliation to being able to talk for hours and feel like the life of the party
   Feel like a different person each day i.e. which jack is going to wake up? Drugs help but never completely i.e. haven’t really ever felt 100% I have been dealing with this as long as I can remember
   Buying guitars/amps/TVs etc. on an impulse when I know I need to save
   Took out a credit card to buy a TV and felt guilt in the next few days and have now cancelled it Don’t identify with myself at all until the middle person comes out and I feel intelligent and calm
   Mood changes after few days/about a week
   Thank so much Jack"
Does anyone else have problems expressing feelings or emotions?  RANT  Close  1  Posted by  5 months ago  Does anyone else have problems expressing feelings or emotions?  RANT  I have been diagnosed with major depression, anxiety, PTSD, ADHD, and possibly BPD. Apparently I'm terrible at expressing emotions like love, frustration, anger, joy, etc. and I always get misinterpreted as being hateful. I have problems telling people why I'm feeling a certain way about something or even writing it down is a fight (even just doing this is hard), I just forget what I was going to say/write and it's even more frustrating. It feels like I have have all this to get out, but no outlet. It would be nice to be able to talk to someone, like a therapist, but I can't afford it.
"Does anyone feel inconsistent or not able to remember exactly when getting help?  Close  4  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Does anyone feel inconsistent or not able to remember exactly when getting help?  I spent the past 3 months finally seeing help after feeling terrible for 5 years. In those three months I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, social anxiety disorder and most recently, OCD. This took what felt like ages, and I believe it's in part due to the fact that whenever I have extreme depressive episodes or panic attacks I find it so hard to articulate or explain exactly how I feel afterwards. I feel like I  know  for the most part what I'm feeling, I just can't put it in words. After all these sessions and switching doctors a few times I'm finally getting close  to hearing explanations on why I feel the way I feel.
 It just sucks going into each session only feeling like I've been helped a little and I've wasted it. I've always thought I've just been kind of ashamed to fully explain it but even getting more comfortable with the doctor/psychiatrist I feel as though I actually forget how I feel, and I'm afraid I'm not getting the treatment I need. I'm seeing a new psychologist in 2 weeks to deal with the OCD. Does anyone else feel like this? Or even give me tips on talking?
 Edit: Oops, sorry about the title. I kind of wrote that down and forgot to fix it. But I hope I got the gist of my issue in the post."
"Does anyone feel like they're being watched?  Close  16  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Does anyone feel like they're being watched?  (undiagnosed and just concerned) I can't be alone in a house. I used to be fine during the day but I'm not anymore. When I'm alone or everyone in the house is asleep/quiet, I feel like something (sometimes multiple) is always around the corner. The hair on my neck raises at every shadow, and my ears feel tucked back and tight (I can wiggle my ears and they tend to do their own thing sometimes).
 It doesn't happen as often anymore, but sometimes I can look at something harmless (my beautiful dogs) but it's like there's something terrifying to their faces. Like they want to kill me. I also have a lot of trouble sleeping at night because it feels like something is going to get me. I got a night shift job because I might as well work while I'm awake.
 It seems to be triggered by anxiety. I've been diagnosed with Major Depression and anxiety. Maybe it's just depression with psychotic tie-ins?"
"Does anyone know what mental conditions, diagnoses, or treatments may affect one's gun rights in the US?
 I personally believe that these rights should only be removed or restricted by due process, if a person is adjudicated mentally insane or has a very clear history of violence.  One can make the argument that some of the spree shooters like Seung-Hui Cho or James Holmes had severe mental problems that should have been a red flag, but, the purpose of this post isn't to debate what the policy should or shouldn't be.
 My question is about  current  federal and/or state laws.
 For instance, let's say I go to counseling.  Or a personal psychiatrist.  Or I am diagnosed with clinical depression and prescribed medication.  Do any of these (relatively common) occurrences mean I will end up in some type of database?  Do any states restrict firearms purchases, etc, based on things like basic depression or use of counseling?
 I searched online and didn't find very good information so far."
"Don’t know what to do anymore  Close  1  Posted by    2 years ago  Archived  Don’t know what to do anymore  i am a 22 year old trans guy. I’m only a few months into my transition. i am diagnosed with major depression and general anxiety, which i take medication for (and it does help, though it can only do so much for me). i am short and overweight (5’3” and around 235 pounds). I have diabetes (or really a severe case of insulin resistance that is so bad it can be called diabetes)... and i don’t take care of myself as well as i should. I have PCOS (my ovaries get covered in cysts and threaten to hurt me and mess up a lot of things including making me deal with diabetes among other things). I have asthma. I’m allergic to a few things, but tobacco smoke is the worst, since it gets worse everytime i breathe it in. Even someone having it on their clothing can set me off. It makes my throat close up, and i often get respiratory infections over nothing now. i don’t smoke, but enough people in the world do that it doesn’t matter. I have a spine injury that causes my neck to curve 90(+?) degrees forward, making me look like i have a hunched back and a lot of neck fat due to the neck-shortness the curvature makes me look like i have. it has started to crush my throat, and i need surgery to help it. Whether or not i get surgery i will be disabled more than i already am, and i will lose mobility in my neck. My shoulders and neck muscles are always sore and tense, since they are constantly trying to hold my head up. I am always in severe pain. The rest of my family is attractive, fit and enjoyable, while I’m ugly, fat and undesirable.
 I was engaged to my fiancé; we were together since we were 15. We had been together for almost 7 years. I love him so much, but we broke up a couple months ago. He doesn’t think we should be together. Our relationship was unhealthy every so often, and it was usually my fault, so i get it. I just don’t know if i can move on from him. He was the one i wanted to live my life with.
 I grew up with my mom for the first 8 or so years of my life, since my biological father was a drug addict that abused my mom, almost shot me when i was an infant and strangled a puppy to death we had gotten one year when i was small. He was out of my life by the time i was 4 and it was just me, my mom and my baby brother. Eventually she found my stepdad and married him.
 I want to like my stepdad, as he’s my only father figure, but i can’t. He always insults me, and harasses me every single day. He makes me feel useless and tired, and a few years back he grabbed my brother by the throat and threw my mom and i won’t forgive him for those things. He’s traumatized my brother and I and instead of trying to fix things he continues to be verbally abusive. He hasn’t been seriously physically abusive to us in a while but that doesn’t mean much to me. He calls me names, makes fun of me, disrespects me and treats me like a useless piece of shit. He has never hit me or anything, for some reason, but it’s possibly because he knows that i will attack him out of fear if he tries anything. I once told him not to touch me and instead he grabbed my arm, which sent me into a rage of punching him and screaming until he let go. I was unable to control this, but it was the only time i’ve ever done something like that to anyone. He called me crazy for a couple weeks after that. I didn’t know what to say.
 My mom had me when she was about 19. She doesn’t admit it but my bio. father forced her to get pregnant and have me. I am a product of rape, and I don’t know why i was kept. I love my mom; she is amazing, and she’s been through so much... but i feel like I was a mistake. I always think about how i feel like a mistake.
 A couple years ago i tried to commit suicide. I tried various ways but only one got me sent to the hospital, via overdose. I ended up getting sick and puking and getting the shits violently at the same time. I was almost sure i was dying, and maybe I would have. But my brother heard me and made me tell my mom. They called an ambulance on me and i was brought to the hospital and put on suicide watch before being admitted to the ward for a week and being diagnosed with major depression and general anxiety.
 Things were ok for a while. But ... now they aren’t. Slowly things have been getting worse.
 My health is draining... my self image is awful... my lover is now my ex... and i have slowly lost all inspiration/motivation/drive to live. I just listen to my family bicker and insult me for all the problems i already know i have.
 The only reason i am still alive is because I’m afraid of hurting the ones that care about me, because for some reason people do.
 I don’t want to suffer anymore. I don’t feel anything but hurt.
 I need help..."
"Don't feel like a functioning adult, son, or professional worker  Close  2  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Don't feel like a functioning adult, son, or professional worker  Outside I seem like a chill person. Inside I'm a mess.
 I feel I lack the drive to be more productive in my job. It's a highly competitive industry, which requires creativity and passion. Sometimes I think I just don't have it in me. I don't know why I like the job, but I do. I'm not worth it, is all. Most of the weeks it feels as if all my coworkers are throwing lifesavers at me, and I use them; but I don't know if I'd save myself were I in that position.
 As a son, I don't give more money for my parents so they can have a more relaxed life. I spend my earnings on food.
 I feel shame that everyone takes pity on me, but I don't do anything to change that. I'm comfortable and lazy. I'm always scared. Of failure, of living every day, sometimes of talking to people.
 I'm expected to manage teams and big projects —and it is my dream to do so—, but how am I supposed to do it if I'm always afraid?
 I've been going to therapy for years. I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I'm taking escitalopram to help with the anxiety.
 I'm glad I could write this today."
"Don't know what to do anymore..  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  Don't know what to do anymore..  Not sure why I am writing here but I just wanted to tell someone instead of keeping it all in.
 I'm diagnosed with Major depressive disorder. I have been doing good for the most part. I have always had a bad spending habit and I guess it has finally caught up to me. Currently in the process to settle CC debt. I took out payday loans (like a dumbass) to pay for some medical bills. I get paid 2x a month and make a good salary..but with all my bills (rent, payday loans, student loans, etc.) I get left with $19 until my next payday.
 This has caused my depression to spring anew-- I've been contemplating suicide for the past 3 months (after not doing so for a year)-- everyday this past week. Just tired of life and not doing well financially. I applied for a few 2nd jobs, so hopefully I manage to get one. Even with a Master's in Psych, salaries suck..
 If anyone can give me a few words of encouragement, I'd appreciate it. My own brother laughed and basically told me ""sucks to be you""."
"Dr thinks I have Fibromyalgia, but I can't find credible information.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Dr thinks I have Fibromyalgia, but I can't find credible information.  I've been diagnosed with major depression and generalized anxiety, but after 4 years of trying every medication, nothing has changed.
  
 My psychiatrist suggested that I might have fibromyalgia.
 I do seem to have lots of the symptoms, but the information on the internet is not clear to me.
 I've been prescribred Cymbalta  (which I'll start taking today).
  
 I have questions about the symptoms, if anyone could clarify. The more I read about fibro, the more confused I am.
  
   I do have muscles pain (like a train ran me over), but not to the touch. From what I read, fibro pain is accentuated by touch?
   I do have insomnia, but it's not caused by pain. I just have an inability to fall and stay asleep.
   I do have significant cognitive difficulties (boredom, lack of memory, can't concentrate, can't study and retain information).
   Extreme tiredness and I always wake up like I never slept.
   Hands tingling.
  0 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  no comments yet
 Be the first to share what you think!"
"Drinking again  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Drinking again  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. In may I was thinking about suicide on a daily and sometimes hourly basis. Was drinking as soon as I woke up, until bed time about 1.5 gallons of whiskey a week. Smoking weed every hour.
 Finally hit rock bottom and called mom crying admitting I needed help. She had me quit my job and move back home several states away.
 I stayed sober for 4 months. Then one day I started drinking again.
 Now I'm still living with my parents and I drink 4 beers per night. I'm not sure if they know and are just turning a blind eye cause ""hey at least he is here and we can keep an eye on him"" or if they truly don't know. It sucks and I have nightmares about them finding out most nights. I feel terrible and feel like a fraud.
 I'm worried and feel terrible for deceiving my loving parents all while living in their house. Needed to tell someone, thanks for reading."
Drive by diagnostic  Venting  Close  0  Posted by  5 months ago  Drive by diagnostic  Venting  I was diagnosed with BPD while staying in the phych unit for being suicidal. Before I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive disorder ptsd, and anxiety, but after reading a bunch about it and taking several online tests, it corroborates the diagnoses. I didn't know that I had this diagnoses until a couple of weeks later when seeing a new primary care doc. I feel devastated and that it would have been better for the psych to let me know while still hospitalized rather than never even mentioning it. They also put me on anti depressants which aren't doing anything other than killing my already very low sex drive and making me yawn a lot. They also gave me meds to stop nightmares but it only sensored them so they would be suitable for broadcast TV. I feel like I can't hold a job and do the necessary therapy to be a functional human rather than a husk inflated by pain and self hate.
"Dying Inside  Close  37  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Dying Inside  So... I am 22 and homeless. I have been for a few years now. I have been diagnosed with major depression with psychotic tendencies. I can't seem to hold a job for the life of me. Getting a job is easy peasy, but afterwards I just spiral downwards into suicidal tendencies and complete mental shutdown. I have been on and off many meds but nothing seems to work for me (If I can even afford them). I recently went to a technical school for a year in something that I am really interested in and did great and I finally felt like I could do something somewhat meaningful with my life, but for some reason I can't seem to get the funding for next year (Yes, I filed for FAFSA and talked to my school's financial aid counselor). I stumbled across a trucking opportunity, but I don't think my mind will let me do that for very long.
 I've asked runes and tarots and gods for guidence, but all I get is something along the lines of, ""wait, and you will see."" I can't wait any longer. I've been waiting for so long. Nothing comes from waiting except hunger (and mental unstability in my case).
 I really just don't know what to do at this point. I feel like I'm just pushing myself further in the void the more I try."
"Dying sounds nice  Close  16  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Dying sounds nice  Hey folks. I'm 29 and have struggled with depression my entire life. I have rarely felt happy even though my life has generally been good.
 I've tried some serious treatment in the past year--medications, CBT, therapists, mindfulness training, etc. Nothing has really worked. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and ADHD-inattentive subtype. I'm a graduate student starting the second year of my PhD and medical school. Every day I want to die.
 I have been married and recently divorced. My wife was sleeping with other people and decided that our relationship wasn't worth working on. I served in the military for six years and worked on nuclear weapons. I dropped out of high school and paid my own  way through college. My parents are self-centered but my younger brother and sister are wonderful people.
 I don't really have much else to say other than that. I'm not sure why I'm depressed all the time, don't really have a reason to be. I'm fairly certain I will kill myself."
"Email I Sent to My Adviser  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Email I Sent to My Adviser  BG:
 Hi.
 I am a 24/F fourth year nursing student. I've been diagnosed with major depression as well as GAD. Last year, I transferred to a university to continue my bachelors of nursing. I felt very out of place as this was the next phase of my life. I have always had chronic feelings of emptiness. My hardest time in my life would be last year. I pursued a relationship with a guy that I had genuine feelings for. Long story short, I met his close friends. In a situation that involved me excusing myself because of anxiety, they told him that I was a waste of time and space in his life. They thought that I left the setting because of them, but really I just wasn't comfortable. Because they grew up in a more well off area, they labeled me as a ""low life bitch"" as they knew I grew up impoverished. I go to a good uni, but I've seeked out a lot of scholarships. To them, I was a fraud. I know this because this is what the guy relayed to me. The relationship was strained, because he valued his friends more than me. Fast fwd a few more weeks, he ended it with me in the midst of the worst time of my life. My dad was in the hospital, I was failing nursing school with lots of debt to my name and I was malnourished as I couldn't stomach anything.
 I would spend most days in bed. Sometimes, I would cry and other times I would just stare at the ceiling. When I was at school, I would frequently excuse myself to schedule a cry in the bathroom. Perhaps it was the grief of losing him combined with other factors, but it was too much for me. The pain was too much.. I wanted to die.
 I attempted suicide for the first time in my life via OD.. I ended up throwing up all the pills and I phoned my sister afterwards. She took me in for a few days, took me to school and cleaned me up. I realized, if I couldn't live for myself, I'd do it for my family.
 I went to my school adviser and confided in her that I was feeling suicidal. She told the Dean of Nursing and she put out a wellness check on me. This was nice because I felt like other people had genuinely cared about me. It meant a lot.
 I ended up getting back with the guy because he missed me, and he realized that the situation was bullshit. I had a lot of hesitancy to do so but I was truly lonely. I just wanted to be loved. I think that I deserve more.
 Even though we are still together now, I still feel emptiness. There's this void in myself that I cannot fill with anything - family, friends, lovers.. But the only thing that has changed is my motivation to help others. I'd rather be depressed with goals than the alternative. I hope that I can be happy one day. I hope that my depression allows me to accept who I am fully. I hope that depression won't be the reason for my death.
 I sent this email to my counselor as she asked for an update. I am starting to feel a lot better.
  
 Dear ___,
 It has been a while since we've last seen each other, but in these last few months, a lot changed. For a while now, I've been feeling empty and numb to everything and everyone around me. I was very depressed when I saw you in January. So much so, that I wanted to end my life because the pain of feeling unloved, abandonment and academic failure pushed me to the edge of execution. The thing is, I've always suffered from chronic depression but it was never worth it to proceed with the suicidal ideations. I told myself that I needed to get some serious help because I was going to lose my life if I kept living like this. Unironically, the quarter was centered upon mental health. The clinical experience was amazing as I got to connect with individuals that were suffering like me. Of course from a nursing student perspective, I did not speak about my depression. However, listening to those experiences created a silver lining in my journey - that I wanted to live. I hear the saying, ""suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"". I never understood that phrase. For years, I have lived in silence to preserve the reality of my situation, a defense mechanism, probably. 
 Anyways, fast forward to summer. Much stress was relieved when I passed my classes and got out of academic probation. However, not being busy anymore has left me at home reminiscent of the dark times I've endured earlier this year. I went to a psychiatrist, and he prescribed me 300 mg of Wellbutrin. I do feel better. And I am excited and motivated about reproductive health. In Jan, I had told you about my situation regarding (current BF's) friends attacking me. They saw me as a joke, because I grew up on food stamps, that I was underprivileged, incapable of success. (bf) broke up with me in Jan shortly after those opinions were heard. It made me almost believe that I was incompetent to be a future nurse. Anyways, that's whole 'nother story that isn't even worth talking about because those people are irrelevant. People have tried to bring me down for years, and I spent years circling on thoughts that I wasn't good enough. But loved ones and respectful peers have supported me through this journey to say.. I am good enough. That being said, I now realize that I make my own happiness and I've made it here all on my own. I am excited for the future. Thank you for being my confidante, thank you always. 
 - S"
"Emotional Support Spider  Casual  Close  4  Posted by    A. avicularia    11 months ago  Archived  Emotional Support Spider  Casual  I need to move for work, but all the apartments I've looked at so far have had restrictions on ""exotic"" pets, including tarantulas. My solution? I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, so I'm going to ask my therapist if I can register my T as an official Emotional Support Animal.
 Wish me luck; if it works, housing legally won't be able to turn me down.
 After all, taking care of Pandora (A. Avicularia) helps with my depression!
 Edit: that last bit isn't meant to be sarcastic. Having her really does help."
"Endless struggle  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Endless struggle  Hello, fellow redditors.
 Recently i have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder (age 16). Ever since that i can remember, i have felt a certain way towards life. When i was younger i had trouble identifying what it was, but as i have grown older i have had it easier putting words towards how i felt. The fealing of meaningless towards everything just grows worse by the day. School certainly didn't make it any easier for me, not that i did not have any friends to interact with, it's just that i have always felt that it was meaningless, as everything is short-lived. School has never been exciting for me as i never found a challenge in the work that i was given. Doing good in school for me actually just makes me feel worse, because my parents praise me for what i achieve. It makes me feel like an ungrateful piece of shit, that doesn't appreciate anything. But for me my grades are only numbers on a piece of paper and what are they going to matter? Oh yeah. I can get in to a good school! Become a doctor? Like that matters even the tiniest bit. Like that is going to make me happy?
 Even if i were to get a good job, children and a wife. To pass on my genes. Let's say that my children would get kids and therefore pass my genes further so that i ""live on"". Then one day that wouldn't even matter because one day even the world seize to exist.
 Anyone got  any good tips to find motivation to keep on going?"
"Every day I regret not killing myself when I was 12  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Every day I regret not killing myself when I was 12  When I was 12 I tried to hang myself, but it didn't work. I think everyone would have been better off if it did. If I had died then, I wouldn't have gone through years of intense bullying. I wouldn't have been raped when I was 14. I've been diagnosed with major depression, PTSD, anxiety, and OCD. I've been on countless medications and have been institutionalized twice. I've been seeing a therapist twice a week since middle school. I'm almost 25.
 I'm unemployed. I had to drop out of college because I had a psychotic break.  My parents help me with everything. I don't deserve it. I've never been in a relationship. I'm overweight and ugly.  The only men who have touched me are my rapist, and a random one night stand. Who would want to be in a relationship with the crazy girl?
 I feel like I'm a leech to society. All this money has been spent on my medical bills, that could have gone to more deserving people. My parents have spent so much money keeping me afloat. Not to mention the emotional toll it takes on my family and friends to have me constantly struggling. The food I eat, the apartment I live in, everything I own could all be used by people who actually deserve it.  I'm a complete waste of oxygen. I feel so guilty. I've contributed nothing of value to society. I'm a freeloader and a nuisance.
 I should have killed myself in middle school. My family would be over it by now. Maybe it would've even raised awareness about bullying or depression. That would've done more good than I will ever do. I want to fix the mistake I made 13 years ago, and do it right this time. I want to free my friends and family from having to deal with me. It's selfish of me to have lived this long. I wish I could just get the courage to go through with it. I'm even a failure at suicide. I don't want to go to the hospital for suicidal thoughts again. I'm so tired. I just want to have never existed. Death doesn't scare me, but the pain of dying does. I'm such a fucking coward. I don't know what to do."
Everything sounds loud and everything feels violent  Close  2  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Everything sounds loud and everything feels violent  Sometimes I will have these moments where everything sounds extremely loud and every movement I make feels very violent. Sounds like quiet conversation, or a pen clicking, or a keyboard will sound like I'm standing in front of a wall of amps at a loud concert. My movements and other people's movements seem very violent. Like someone walking softly will seem like they're sprinting or my fingers texting will feel like I'm smashing my fist into my phone repeatedly very fast. It's not painful just very disconcerting. I've had these moments periodically since I was a child (I'm 27 now) and I can't figure out what's happening by just googling it myself. I don't think it's a panic attack since I'm not anxious or afraid it's just disconcerting and weird. I can't make it stop if a moment like this begins, I just have to ride it out. I'm sitting at my desk in my office right now and everyone sounds like they are violently and energetically screaming even though I know they are just talking at a normal level. People walking by sound like they are stomping as loudly as possible. Does anyone have any idea what's going on or experience something similar? Is it a panic attack or something similar? I have been diagnosed with major depression but I don't think it's related.
"Everytime I get on a relationship, I get depressed  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Everytime I get on a relationship, I get depressed  I've been diagnosed with major depression (when I was 15), and eventually things started to get better for me
 On 2016, being 18 years old, I got my first true serious relationship, which ended 3 months ago. By the last quarter of that relationship, I started feeling really down, and started decaying alone, and my ex stopped having any interest in me for being isolated from everyone and everything for like 3 months.
 When we broke up, I hit rock bottom. I didn't leave my house at all, played videogames almost 24/7, would sleep either 3 hours or 15 hours, would eat too much or eat nothing.
 And after some time thinking about it I decided to carry on with my life, started hitting the gym, eating healthy and going out more.
 Recently I decided to start dating again, and all of these feelings are coming back. I've been dating this girl for a month now, and the first weeks were pretty cool, and I was feeling really happy. Then all of the sudden I realize I'm starting to isolate myself again, I'm feeling sad and depressed all day, my sleeping schedule is fucked again, I'm skipping my workout days, my diet is going down the shitter, etc.
 I don't know what's going on, but I can't help but see a correlation here. I'm surely wrong, but I guess I just wanted to talk to someone about this and I don't have any real friends to do so.
 Sorry if this is overly long."
"Exhausted from simply existing  Close  9  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Exhausted from simply existing  I work a $10/hr job. I live with my mom and my transgender sister (now a brother). I'm 26yo. I work in IT. I have IT certifications, a lot of IT experience, but no degree. I've been searching for a better job for over half a year now. I have a great resume and I write exceptional cover letters. I apply for jobs I'm qualified for but not over or under qualified for. Nobody will hire me though. I've been interviewed ONE fucking time (am I allowed to cuss here?) out of the ~30 jobs I've applied for. It's like I have some plague unbeknownst to me. I'm so tired of living with my mom. I'm 26 years old. What is wrong with me...
 I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, ADD, and generalized anxiety... I have a stupid skin condition that's untreatable and caused by my anxiety (I itch all the time)... I had surgery when I was 2 because I almost died from Pectus Excavatum due to my lungs almost collapsing... my chest has reverted closer to it's pre-surgery state and my back is having problems (I have a bulging disc and can't sit straight)... I have mild scoliosis... oh and I have also been diagnosed with Gilbert's Syndrome, Aka my liver doesn't function right and my eyes are constantly a yellowish color due to jaundice.
 I probably sound like a hypochondriac, but all of the above listed medical conditions are real and I've been clinically diagnosed for all of them. Who the hell has to go through all of this?!
 I've dated one girl before, for one month. And I only started talking to her through Tinder because I had taken up smoking weed during that time. (over a year ago, for about 5 months every day I'd smoke after work) Weed made me feel happy, it made me feel like everything would be okay even though it's shitty, it made me feel normal. I never ask women out because I don't feel like I have anything to offer them. My friends tell me I could date anybody I wanted to because I'm attractive and very intuitive and caring. But I'm such a perfectionist that all I see is a flawed shell of a man.
 I'm just tired of being alive. I would  never  ever kill myself because I love my 24yo sister too much. And my best friend of 16 years would be devastated. But God... I am so tired of this life. Even my mom and sister and friends have commented at times things like ""I feel so bad for you, you never catch a break"" and my sister (2yrs younger than me) ""it's like you're on the ground in a fetal position and life keeps kicking you over and over"" and that's how I feel. On the ground, curled up, in pain, and life is just kicking me over and over again.
 I feel like I am always on the verge of breaking through to the other side, the happy side of life. Where things start to work out. Where I have a wife and a good job, or am at least not living paycheck to paycheck. But it's like the light at the end of the tunnel that's just always out of reach.
 Why did I post here? I don't know. And if you didn't read everything, that's fine. It was a lot to read. But there it is... my life in a very small nutshell..."
"Failing School, Failing Relationships, Failing Life  Close  2  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  Failing School, Failing Relationships, Failing Life  I'm in hell right now, I will explain why
 I failed out of my program (was in honours, now in regular BA) and If my marks go down any lower I will go on probation and maybe get kicked out of school. All of my cousins and family members are successful white collar people and I just feel like a failure that I can't even do a shitty BA. I try really hard but I always seem to trip and mess up marginally
 I have tried to get relationships where I am (Always had long distance) but it just seems like it's not happening, I really liked my past boyfriend but he lives in the states and I never see him, we do not have the resources to move in together or move closer to one another. I decided to look in my city but it seems like the people I like do not like me or they don't care and just want a free lay. I have no friends and am pretty much an isolate. I have no one really to count on, most of my old friends left town so I never see anyone
 I don't have a good relationship with my mom, she always criticises me and make me feel inferior, I'm closer with my dad but he goes on business a lot so I never see him, and School keeps me so busy that the weekends he is here I cannot spend time with him or I will fall behind in my work
 University is sucking the life out of me and It's not even worth it cause my degree is useless (I took it since I'm not ""good"" at anything else, but apparently I suck at this too) I am diagnosed with major depression, I cant afford a therapist ( I am scheduled for a psychiatrist In the new year, been waiting for months) Therapist is not covered under my insurance (which I will lose as well if I fail school)
 I hate myself, and I pretty much hate everything and everyone. My life seems to subtly get worse every time and I am being dragged kicking and screaming"
Feeling alone after a move and break up.  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Feeling alone after a move and break up.  I am diagnosed with Major Depression & Anxiety. I spent my life savings and every penny I had moving my Fiance and I to a new place (two and a half hours from where we were before) into a new two bedroom apartment. She breaks up with me two days ago. We've been here less than two weeks and have a year lease on the apartment, and co signed a vehicle together. I feel alone and depressed and don't know what to do. She says she hates me and can't stand to look at me. I have no motivation to do anything but sit around. I went to stay at a hotel the first night and spend the rest of my money drinking and a girl to stay with me for the night. I regret it and now am broke on top of it all. Rent is due in a couple days and got no money till next paycheck or tax return comes through. All of this at the same time. Fuck.
"Feeling frustrated  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Feeling frustrated  I am married to someone who was previously diagnosed with BPD and is now diagnosed with CPTSD, Major Depressive Disorder with Psychotic Features and OCD.  I personally have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, PTSD, DID and an eating disorder.  I am several years older than my husband and we have each grown in many ways over the almost 7 years of being married.  At this point I am trying to figure out how to approach my husband with my concerns.  He has worked very hard to be less hurtful when talking but, he avoids confrontation or even a compromising talk like it is Ebola.  He says that instead of talking about things he will just do whatever I want and quotes ""Happy Wife Happy Life.""  It doesn't make me happy.  I have explained to him that it pisses me off because it isn't a compromise.  He then does whatever I ask and holds it against me later.  He is in a constant ""victim"" mentality and no matter what I ask to talk about I am ""putting him down or harping on him.""  So if I am unhappy with something he just wants me to shove it away and not say anything.  He can't stand it if I am mad at him and is constantly asking me if I am okay or if I am mad at him.   I can't tell him I am mad though because then he feels like I am harping on him.
 So at this point he says his depression is better.  He goes to school online and has been doing well.  His mood really has improved.  I am incredibly happy for him and I am well aware things can be very difficult for him.  My issue now is that he is doing everything he can to take steps backwards.  He isn't driving because it makes him anxious.  He doesn't go out by himself because it makes him anxious.  He continues to sleep during the day and be up at night because he is afraid of sleeping at night.  He is in therapy but, he isn't doing anything the therapist suggests.  He isn't going out on his own.  Instead of moving around more to assist in the pain of his autoimmune disorder he wants to reduce his mobility by getting a power scooter instead of using his own wheelchair.  He doesn't do ""stretch"" activities that would really make me happy and if he does he makes sure not only I know that he is unhappy but, that everyone around him knows it too.  I stay home all the time for him but, he doesn't see that as giving things up for him.  He just tells me to go out with my friends alone.  How is that a relationship?  His friends come into town and  I make sure we do things and have a good time.  With my friends he stays home and just sends me out with them.
 I know he struggles and I really do get that it is sometimes hard to just get out of bed for him.  I get that he experiences emotions much more deeply most of the time than I do.  I am just at a loss at this point.  I am stuck being unable to speak up for myself without him falling into the victim mode of ""poor me just something else I have to work on.""  I would be completely patient if I could see that he was even trying to make a change but, he isn't.  He doesn't want to work on making a change and he doesn't want to hear about it.  I can give him all of the compliments in the world and he doesn't hear a single one.  All he hears is there is something he isn't doing.  I am keeping my mouth shut to try and make him happy but, it is building up in me and I am not willing to be someone who eventually breaks and explodes on him.  His mentality still sits with ""my life sucks because of what has happened to me.""  He doesn't get that how he chooses to react to what has happened determines a lot as well.  Thank you for letting me vent.  I am just so frustrated."
Feeling incredibly alone  Close  12  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Feeling incredibly alone  hey guys, this is the first time I'm gonna be doing anything like this and idk if anyone is even gonna read or care about this, but it might be therapeutic to just get it all out there. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, pretty much my depression is all consuming and happens frequently, if not constantly. In the past I've self-harmed, OD'd, and tried to kill myself about 3-4 times. I'm currently on a relatively good antidepressant, but that only gets me so far. That's where my current problem comes in. I have a group of friends who i've known for 6 years give or take, and they know about my history. What's happening right now is they aren't speaking to me, even though I see them posting on tumblr and talking to eachother there. I've tried making conversation about multiple things just to get walled off by their silence. Even if it's not on purpose, or they aren't doing it to be spiteful, it's making my depression and anxiety go through the roof to the point where I feel like falling back into my self destructive habits, like popping pills, drinking, and especially cutting. I feel like I'm not important to them anymore, and in some circumstances, that I'm getting replaced by someone better and more interesting. I feel too sick to type anymore so here it is, I guess.
"Feeling overwhelmed with life  Close  4  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Feeling overwhelmed with life  This is my first Reddit post ever, so I feel a little weird about brain-vomiting but I feel like I'm running out of outlets.
 I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and generalized anxiety. I used to be on anti-depressants, but don't like them, but I do see a therapist regularly.
 I have a lot of shit going on in my life right now and I don't know how to tackle all of it. I'm likely going to lose my job anytime now; my company is getting ready to go through some layoffs, so I've been applying for new jobs. I had a second phone interview today, which I was pretty excited about, but I totally botched it. The interviewer started asking me some questions and I got so worried about answering it incorrectly, I felt a panic attack coming. I managed to get through the interview without breaking down, but I also gave some really incoherent answers because of it. I then got in my car and cried for 20 minutes in my work parking lot.
 It sent me into a spiral about how my life has turned out, which as of right now feels like a failure. I got divorced from my ex-wife about 2 years ago, and we had been together for 9 years in total, and the relationship was mentally and emotionally abusive and it caused me to be extremely suicidal right before I was convinced that I had the power to get out of it. I'm in my early 30's, have very little experience dating and have NO idea what I'm doing. I get so self-conscious that I usually talk myself out of asking anyone out.
 The work situation also has me in a massively stressful living situation. My lease is going to be up soon, and I have no idea whether I'm going to have a job or not. I'm also applying to jobs outside of the state I live in, which I have never left before, and it feels huge and scary and uncertain.
 So between failed marriages/relationships, new jobs and the possibility of moving, I feel like something is buckling in me. I just want to lay on the floor and do nothing. I don't feel strong enough to tackle all of these things, especially by myself. I've always been so reliant on other people to do things for me, and I'm too afraid of choosing the wrong option.
 I don't really know what I'm looking to get out of posting all of this. I made a short-notice visit with my therapist tomorrow, but I'm hoping that knowing other people out there have felt the same way won't make it feel as alienating."
Feeling trapped my whole life, considering suicide on a daily basis.  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Feeling trapped my whole life, considering suicide on a daily basis.  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and anxiety, and I’ve always struggled with sleep, my sleep schedule always flys out of wack. I end up falling asleep at 5am and getting up at 3pm or even crazier hours... I’ve missed so much school I’m basically failing high school. I’ve already tried to kill myself once, I’m no longer seeing anybody for help... i went through three therapists and two psychiatrists and six different medications for depression and anxiety, none helped. Im sick of feeling trapped. Feeling lost and defeated right now.
Fell off my wagon today  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Fell off my wagon today  I've been having a hard time coping lately. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and severe social anxiety. I have been on the max dose of two antidepressants for roughly five years. I dont know if I've plateaued on the meds or what, but it's jeopardizing my professional life again. I cry at random times and can't stop it. I was essentially put on probation at work today. I'm thinking some pretty ugly thoughts and I dont know what to do to help myself.
Filing for unemployment services  Close  1  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Filing for unemployment services  I have been diagnosed with Major Depression, General Anxiety and ADD.  SHould I mark I have a disability on my unemployment appication?
"Finding out about the severity of my family's financial/mental health issues makes me feel better about myself [No Remorse]  Remorse  Close  13  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Finding out about the severity of my family's financial/mental health issues makes me feel better about myself [No Remorse]  Remorse  I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and panic disorder without agoraphobia. My wife and I have debts--student loan, car loan, mortgage, and some credit card debt. I have been feeling very downtrodden and fatalistic about this lately.
 Recently I learned my brother and SIL have over 100k in debt, and my brother's anxiety/depression have gotten much worse. He is a hoarder, and his apartment reeks to the point that the below portion of the home, where my parents live, also stinks.
 My cousin apparently is incapable of working because of her mental health issues, is morbidly obese, and lives with her live in bf and dad and they live in worse filth than my brother apparently.
 I am currently undergoing some medication changes, and I've had to make some budget adjustments. Comparing where I am at to my brother and SIL or my cousin...I feel like I am worlds ahead of them. Which helps, because I feel behind compared to all my friends."
"Firing On All Cylinders  Close  8  Posted by   206 days   5 months ago  Firing On All Cylinders  I AM BACK AS MY BETTER SELF: sober. I have, for most of my life, had an incredible amount of energy and was killing it at work even as an alcoholic and heavy drinker. Although I was a much lighter drinker in my 10 month replase than before... near the end of the relapse it became heavy drinking again, thus the quiting.
 This time sober is even better. The longest was during 2018-2019: 1 yr. This time I am open and directly telling people I do not drink when offerred. I am stronger than I have ever been. No one can crush my spirit.
 I hit the stratosphere on work, home life, care for others, working out, boxing, and my hobbies. Humilty I am working on...
 It is almost manic yet not: I do not have alcohol holding me down. I am not and have not been diagnosed with manic depressive disorder but I have been diagnosed with major depression in the past: I am not depressed now. I also have two degrees in psychology so I have an accute understanding of what is happening and that is where the motivation for this post came from.
 Alcohol is a depressent and without it I can be the best me and contribute to make this world a happier place even within my limited locus of control. Yet I need to be tempered and grounded, so I post here to remind myself to relax when I need to and to provide encouragement to others. I need to realize that I am adjusting to a new normal.
 3 weeks sober and I cannot be stopped! Things may go up and down hill life wise but I still will not drink. I will be a rock for myself and for others.
 IWNDWYT"
"First and foremost, it's directed partly by Selena Gomez. That's the first strike...
 On a more real note though, the show glorifies suicide and is honestly an awful thing for anyone to watch. Before you say anything, yes, I have watched it myself. And a lot of my personal friends, as well as people online absolutely LOVE the show. They claim it shows the struggles of the teenage mind when under this type of stress, and what some people go through to cope.
 But that right there... she isn't coping with her depression. She is getting petty revenge on those who hurt her. Not only that, but she keeps putting herself in those dire situations. Every time something bad happens, or someone gives her negative attention, she keeps on going back to them! Stop!
 The only reason for the tapes is to get back at those who hurt her. She is stooping to their level, and in the end doesn't even help her with her mental health issues. She isn't alive to see how it turns out. For all she knows, those tapes would have no effect and her death would have been for ""nothing"". Now, I don't mean that in a way that she should have died for her *cause*, because that is not the way it should go.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, bpd, and severe anxiety for years now, and I went through a lot to be comfortable where I'm at. And yes, there were a few times where I *did* think about suicide. However, when those bad people and situations came into my life, you push them out and focus on the good. It's difficult, but I don't know of anyone who truly, honestly goes back to those who keep hurting them UNLESS it is an attempt at grabbing more attention; although, negative.
 **tl;dr** ""13 Reasons Why"" is a horrible show which glorifies the act of suicide by turning it into a petty-revenge story. Hannah does no good to anyone, especially herself, and continuously puts herself into worse situations.
 This post was caused by an online ""discussion"" between myself and another small group of people."
First i should start off by telling you my name. It's Sheniqua but you can call me Shay. Well i am diagnosed with Major Depression and am on medication to help me cope along with seeing a therapist and although it sometimes help i still have the lonely moments and alot of sad days. Right now money is beginning to bring me down alot and i have figured out some ways to try and cope but i don't know if i am doing it right. For one i am with sprint and my bill just went way to high so i had suggested to my dad that i could cancel the plan even though the bill would be more higher but i would no longer be stuck and be worried about the bills coming as i can pay it off month after month until it is taken care of. I also told my father i would like to drop out of online college to go to the campus college here because i am in my home 24/7 mostly in a one bedroom apartment and i have no friends. There is alot behind my depression so if you would like to talk with me pravitely i wouldn't mind. I also have people anixety and much more going on and i feel my dad isn't so supportive as he has talked about my weight and much more, but right now i just want to know if i am making the right decisions. I am so sad sometimes i can't even do homework and the major i chose is not for me either but everything seems to be a struggle for me and it gives me sucidial thoughts and i just want to die sometimes because life seems like it is so hard and it shouldn't be. :/. I hope someone can help me or let me know if i am doing anything right. If you want to know more of how things are just let me know i could private message you. Thank you in advance.
"First Post - Advice for separating myself, and staying separated.  Close  8  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  First Post - Advice for separating myself, and staying separated.  TW: emotional and physical abuse, gaslighting, animal abuse, animal death 
   My partner and I's cute cat, who sadly passed away after surgery complications this Tuesday. We miss you bud. 
  TL;DR at the end, I just feel like, venting from the beginning. Is this allowed? Anyways, long post incoming, just ctrl+f to get to the tl;dr
 It's hard to know where to start with this. The more I read about it, the more the shoe fits. I've read countless articles on borderline mothers, and the experience always mirrors my own. When I was younger, my parents had very violent fights. My dad was laid-back and quiet, I never once saw or heard him hit back, but she hit him for sure. He would go to school with a scratched and bruised face. My mom has always been violent and unpredictable, from hitting and throwing stuff (she threw a tv out the window once) to full-on screaming. My brother is three years younger than me, and autistic, and he would frequently come to the same room so we could just hide in the closet together. This went on for a a good portion of my early life, but died down as I got older. She realized he stopped fighting back, and her attention turned to me.
 I'm 10. The first time I remember her hitting me always flashes back in my mind. I had remembered getting spanked but, this time, she full on punched me in the face. She always wore extravagant rings, and it sliced me right above my left eye. I still have the scar.
 I'm 12. As a family, we were well-off in the beginning. She was an administrator for a nursing home that had been in the family for years. She wore the mask well, she flaunted me at work. I was well-behaved and was did great in school. Behind closed doors she was completely different. Throughout my life we've gone through countless numbers of pets. They would do one bad thing, and she would instantly drop them off to the pound or hand them off to a friend. She was very violent with the animals if they misbehaved, and would kick and strike them or force them into cages for long periods of time. To her, they were accessories, almost. She touts herself as an animal lover and dog mom but this couldn't be farther from the truth. Another mask. I got used to never getting close to animals.
 I'm 16. High school comes around and I'm hit hard. I'm diagnosed with major depression, and I start having visual and auditory hallucinations. I struggle, but still manage an average of 3.3. I can't remember how many times she would come home from work frustrated and instantly turn on me. The housing market crashes, our house drops 400k in value. My parents separate for the second time because my mom is cheating. I'm touted from house to house but nowhere feels like home. I'm forced into seeing this disgusting man who could be my mom's father, and my dad isn't even present anymore. He's high on Vicodin 90% of the time. I shut myself in my room and despite not being religious, I pray.
 I'm 17. They get back together. My mom cuts this man out of her life and we move into my grandmother's house after she dies. My mom quits her job. She says she doesn't like it, and it's too hard on her, so she's starting a cleaning business. This only serves to stress her out even more. So much of my high school life out of school itself is blacked out. The one memory that stands out is coming home one day and she starts an argument. For the first time, I fight back. I've been hit, punched, kicked, time and time again, and I couldn't stand for it anymore. We tossle and it moves over the house. I try to get away in the bathroom and she easily breaks past it. She pushes me into the toilet, breaking it. She drags me into the kitchen and sits on my back (She's twice my weight). She slams my head repeatedly into the laminate flooring. She lets me get up eventually but my memory of the rest is foggy. I'm 18.
 She always apologizes afterwards, she tells me I'm the most important thing in her life and she doesn't know what she'd do without me. I forgive her.
 The next week repeats itself. The subject is different every week. She forces me into coming out as bi, and next she's berating me for dressing like a boy. ""You better not be one of those girls who pretends to be a guy."" I am.
 I go to a college in the bay and I drop out six weeks in. I wanted to get away from her, but I almost succeed in killing myself. Nearly half of my tuition money that my grandmother left for me is gone. She used a lot of it on herself.
 I'm 19. I work at a grocery store and go to a local college. I do okay, but each semester gets worse and worse. I can't focus, I panic in class. I ditch. I fail. I feel like a waste. She's at home all the time, her cleaning job is only every few days. The cycle continues. I'm such a bad kid in her eyes, I have a bedtime and a time I have to be up by. I do the work around the house she doesn't, while my brother plays games and my dad's absent, struggling with methodone.
 My mom takes most of my paychecks. When my school loan comes through, she takes 3 grand from it. When I recieve my next one, she puts it in her bank account.
 Over Thanksgiving break, she flips out when she sees my paypal credit bill. I spend impulsively, just because it's the only happiness I can find. I sit at the other end of the table while she calls me every name in the book, tells me I'm an ungrateful waste of space, that my depression is fake and I use it as crutch. I snap, and I attack her like she's done so many times. She calls the police and I leave to stay with my partner. I come back but she flips again. It's Christmas and I'm gone.
 The next few months are a blur. I spend weekends with my partner usually, and sometimes she'll call and scream about nothing, about how I don't do anything and I just run away from my problems. She makes me come home. She makes sure find my iphone is on, otherwise I get vicious texts. If I spend a break between classes at my partner's and she sees that, she flips. She came to his house once and screamed at me in front of him and his roommate.
 I'm 21. We fight one weekend while I'm over here, and I tell her I'm leaving. I do. I get my tuition money, some of which is missing. I stop talking to her for a little over a month. I buy my own phone. All of my stuff is over here, except the only animal I ever bonded to, my cat. I'm scared he's over there, but there's nothing we can do for now.
 I have trouble sleeping, I have nightmares and panic attacks and I don't talk to anyone. I can count how many friends I have in town on one hand. I see a counselor at school and work with disability services. I'm diagnosed with PTSD.
 One night, a week ago, she shows on my doorstep in tears, says she's sorry, and she's going to be better from now on.
 Last night I was horribly depressed after work, but I had something to drink and I played games late into the night. I feel energized, strangely, and I make a facebook post about how I'm trying to better myself and move forward and cut the bad out of my life. I mention my PTSD, something I hadn't told her about because I was scared. When I tell her she caused it she flips. She tells me to get over myself, I need to stop living in the past, and that I'm not depressed, I'm just seeking attention. She says I'm beating her up, and her last message is how she's taking my cat to the pound, the last thing she has to hold over my head. I told her to bring him here. No response yet. I'm here, waiting, and I just don't know what to do anymore. This week has been emotional chaos. I found out one of our cats had died back home because the base of his tail was bit and he had a seizure. When she took him to the vet, he had maggots in the wound.
 TL;DR My mom and I have a very toxic back and forth relationship. I know I can be fine without her but when she apologizes it like, gives me something I need. She always made me feel special in those apologetic moments, but her tearing me down happened more often than that. I'm sorry for the long post, I'm just beyond my wits end, I'm exhausted, I have work tonight until 11:30 and I just can't deal with it anymore. I can fight her all I want in text, but she has control over me when we're in person and I don't want to fall into this cycle that continues itself again and again. Sometimes I feel like I'm making it up, is it in my head? I'm clouded with self-doubt and it's affecting my school and work. I'm just tired.
 This isn't even everything, I cut out some parts but she's stolen medication from me when I don't live with her, and stolen money from me throughout my life. She has a spending problem, and there are packages at her doorstep every day. She has so many masks I don't know what to believe, I feel like I'm trapped under a spell. She came into my work and told coworkers what happened, told them that I ""attacked"" her. Her side is always right, and there's no winning an argument with her. If you do manage to get past her roundabout arguing, she just says ""goodbye"" or ""whatever""
 I sincerely don't know if I'd feel anything if she died.
 Thanks for reading."
"First time keto-er. Nervous and have some questions! Sugar, snacks, macros, mood and more.  Close  16  Posted by    29/F/5'7""|SKW 166.8|CW 166.8|GW130|SD 4/6/15    5 years ago  Archived  First time keto-er. Nervous and have some questions! Sugar, snacks, macros, mood and more.  I've read the FAQ's, looked at recepies, figured out my macros. But I'm hoping to get some anticdotal evidence from the group. I start keto on April 6th. Here are some of my questions:
 Snacks: I have found so many fantastic recipes from this subreddit and online. I am so set in terms of things to cook, which is great. However, I'm not a huge cook. I don't like to cook (but will be doing it anyway), and am not super good at it. Do any of you have ideas for any grab and go snacks that are keto friendly? Is there anything I could buy and eat from the grocery store with no prep? Any suggestions welcome!
 Sugar:
 So we know sugar is in basically everything. But what's a simple way to tell how much sugar is in something? Is it the power of Google? Is MFP accurate? Also, how close to zero grams of sugar am I supposed to be getting? What is my 'macro' for sugar? I love fruit and from what I see on here really berries in moderation are going to be the only thing I can eat.
 Mood: I've been diagnosed with major depression. Honestly, I am worried that cutting carbs and sugar- those 'comfort foods', that I may see an effect in my mood. Anyone else have depression that could chime in? Did your keto affect your mood positively? Negatively? I'm talking about after the keto flu period.
 Weight loss: I'm starting to understand the importance of both staying within your macros, but also eating at a calorie deficit if you're looking to lose weight, which I am. I'm only wanting to lose about 30 lbs max. So at that point, would I just up my calories to a maintenance amount while I stay on keto? Or would I continue to lose weight after that?
 I have my macros on another computer so I can't give them right now, but I'm looking to cut to 20g carbs.
 Thank you all in advance for your help! One of the reasons I even decided to start keto was because of this amazing community and the support people have received here."
"First time poster long time lurker, sorry about formatting im on mobile.
 So im currently 18 and this happened back in March. I recently got a new job and was working for 2 months when i started to get stressed, work and public school in LA when i was raised in a small town is not a good fit for me. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and most the time i dont want to kill myself but once in a while i do. At the time i had recently told her that i am saving for a future with you, we had been dating for 2 years by then and we both wanted to move in together after high school. I hit a stress point with my family, finals are coming up, and work put me into a new place with more stress on myself. I didnt know what to do and without thinking i broke up with her. She tried to keep me there and to help but i quickly pushed her away. Fast forward to about 2 weeks ago we start talking again, she has a boyfriend but i realize i still love her amd confess to her. I found out last night that she still hasn't dealt with the feelings for me and still has them, she doesnt love the other guy and sees him as too controlling and even after 1 month he is say ""i love you"" and she doesnt like that. She has told me she doesnt want to be with him later but wants to try and spare him pain.
 Her and i talked and she would get back with me but is afraid i might hurt her like that again. I need some advice on this because i love her so much and only want the best for her. Background: Dated 2 years, we each others first in bed, both were close to each others parents.
 tldr: Broke up with my gf cause of stress. still love her looking for a 2nd chance, as she still has feelings for me. Her current boyfriend is too attached doesnt want to hurt him, afraid if she gets back with me i might hurt her again."
"First time posting but I don't know what to do next.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  First time posting but I don't know what to do next.  I've had depression for as long as I could remember, it has been semi manageable up until about 2.5 years ago. At this point I've failed 3 therapies, citalopram, wellbutrin, and ketamine infusions. I have currently found an actual good psychiatrist. The 3 options he feels is best for me is MOAI, SNRI, or TMS (trans cranial stimulation). I've been diagnosed with Major depressive disorder w/ dysthymia, meaning I have a baseline depression (usually around 12-18 on PHQ-9 scale) and I have severe depressive episodes. I am currently in pharmacy school, so I've been trying to do my own research but I can't keep my head clear enough to even sift through the nature research to make sense of any of it. I hate when I have these episodes I have no idea how long they'll last I feel that I function at a fraction of my regular cognitive abilities. So has anyone tried any of those 3 treatments?
 Sorry if the post is terribly organized I am having a really difficult time even coming up with the words to express whats going on in my head."
"First time to this site and the only reason I'm here is because everyone I know who I would talk to about this would either think I was just saying this for attention or overreact completely.
 The past six months have been some of the best and worst of my life. I have had a boyfriend for over a year now, and we are totally in love. At least I thought we were, but apparently I'm the problem. Before he and I were officially dating we went to a party together. We were not mutually exclusive and I ended up making out with one of his friends. He heard about it once we started dating and he flipped a shit. But eventually forgave me. Then tonight he found out about a reddit account where I posted some inappropriate pictures of myself and said some things in the comments that I really shouldn't have. I deleted the posts over 5 months ago but the profile was still active so apparently you could still see them they were just marked as ""deleted."" This blew up into a total catastrophe. We are long distance right now so that puts even more strain on the relationship. He yelled and screamed at me and I knew he was right but this was a mistake I thought I had already fixed. I knew it was wrong and deleted the post the day after but apparently they did not delete like I thought they did. So this old mistake after making so much progress of him finally trusting me again now has taken everything back to square one. He tells me this is my last chance, but I don't think I even deserve that. e deserves so much better than me. I want to be with him for the rest of my life but I know he could find someone so much better than me.
 On top of all that I am ""taking a break"" from college because I had a legitimate anxiety break down before this past semester started. Fetal position, crying for hours, the whole works. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and its just getting worse. I have been put on medication but I keep forgetting to take it so I will consistently take it for three weeks and then forget for a couple days and then I have to start all over again.
 I feel like i am an absolute zero and that i would be less of a burden on my parents as well as my boyfriend if I was just gone. I promised my boyfriend over the phone that i would call him tomorrow and let him know that I was okay but Im sitting here alone with a bottle of pseudo-ephedrine thinking about how no one would even know if I ODed until at the very earliest tomorrow evening if not later. I could just take all of these and slip into nothingness and help my boyfriend find the girl he really deserves and not be such a burden on my parents. It doesnt even take that much to OD and I have over a gram in 60 mg tablets. I just can't get this thought out of my head. And yeah everyone always says, well all these people love you so why would you do it. But the people who really matter who love me like my family and my boyfriend I am causing more problems than helping right now by being around. I dont even know if anyone will see this, let alone if anyone will care but I needed to write it down and put it somewhere."
"First time.  Close  1  Posted by  4 days ago  First time.  Trigger Warnings, like, child abuse, depression, anxiety, death, fears.
 So, I'm new around here, or at least new as in, actually posting. I don't know, this quarantine has been crazy, and has affected my thinking ability. A lot has been bothering me these past couple of days -- more than usual, probably because of all the time I have to sit with my inner demons and anxieties. Heck, I don't even know if I should even post this, I guess the loneliness is sitting in.
 Now to say, I am diagnosed with major depression and Anxiety Disorder.
 I don't have many friends. Ever since we left high school, we've gone our separate ways, so I don't really have anyone to talk to -- or rant. I mean, I do have family, a sister that loves me, cousins, grandmother, and so on, but, I learned (after my grandmother had a stroke) that I cannot rely on my family for help. (My cousin once said that I am 'faking my depression,' and when I am open about depression/anxiety, I am 'an attention seeker from my friends.') Jokes on her, I don't have any.
 Anyways, I've always suffered from depression, as far as I can remember. Like, six, seven years old. I didn't have a full understanding at the time. I was, well, thinking about death quite a bit, doing the 'math' that sooner or later I am going to die. I'd wake up at night in fear, crying, screaming. Everyone thought I was crazy. ""Do you not believe in God?! There is nothing to fear!""
 No one understood, I was second guessing everything. The unknown, darkness scared me to death, literally. This got worse as I aged.
 A dude came into my life, abused me, got my mom pregnant, once my sister was born, they both bounced, I lived in a poor state, got sick, I was like thirteen at the time, had tears of abuse under my belt, my sister was like three years old, and so my grandmother took us in, because, you know, mom bounced so quickly. So, I had that heartache, nearly lost my hearing cause I was sick (hard of hearing now.) and I dedicated that time to raise my little sister. She's like, well, my daughter.
 So, a few years ago, my mom was shot by her neighbor, keep in mind, I'm 27 now, for context, I haven't seen my mom since she left, so I my sister and I get this call out of nowhere, my grandma screaming that my mom was shot via through the wall because her neighbor was drinking and playing with a gun. (My Family has the absolute worst luck.) Fortunately, he didn't shoot a baby that he was babysitting. This is at an apartment complex.
 Man, I was so mad. I didn't want to go see her, I feel horrible saying that, because, well, she's my 'mom'. But also, I was finally 'okay' in terms of my emotions and hurt against her and all the trauma that I went through.
 My sister convinced me to go see our mom, see what is going on, because, legally, if something were to happen, we had a say so. So we went, and I felt like a monster -- like I was so damn numb, and, I honestly felt so conflicted on how I should feel. She lived, had major surgery and bounced back -- well, somewhat. She had constant pain from the bullet and the fragment, that she had hernia surgeries, and mental trauma, (more than she already had due to a car accident in her teens that caused some head damage. That nearly took her life, as well.)
 My sister and I started to visit her, though I had anger against her, I tried to help her heal and try to make a connection with her again. She's apologized to the both of us, and I can tell she was trying to make some form of relationship with us.  But I can't help but to feel guilty about the amount of resentment I had. She broke my heard, made me feel unloved, put me in danger's way, and missed so much of my and my sister's life.
 Couple years later, I wake up to my grandma screaming and patting me to get up. My mother was having constant pain in her stomach, that was because of the bullet, but this pain, the constant pill popping, she ended up having a major heart attack, right after Christmas. Now this is around the same time that I was beginning to get sick with my gallbladder. Imagine, she was in so much pain, that it masked over the feeling of a heart attack, constantly. She sneezed, and she didn't wake up.
 A week later, I made the decision to pull her from life support after hearing the doctors. I didn't cry, I got mad, and started to hate the world. Just when I finally got a relationship with my mom, trying to put my hurt and anger behind me, she's ripped away. Watching my mom draw her last breath will haunt me. I feel guilty for removing her from life support, I question myself every day whether or not I should've waited or -- hoped? But, I remember I made a discussion with her, about if something were to ever happen. She was classified as brain dead, and she didn't want to be put on life support for so long. But I still feel like I killed her.
 A day after the funeral, I was rushed into surgery to remove my gallbladder. I didn't have time to grieve or process anything. This crap happened so quickly.
 I sat and slept in a recliner while I recouped from surgery (which honestly sucked so bad. It was nothing but pain.) and I managed to make it through it all by watching Game Grumps, Markiplier, Jonathan Young, and Blast John Gallagher Jr, and Tom Petty in my ears, I know, doesn't help my crappy hearing the way it is.
 I just sat there, trying to process what all happened in my life, the heartache, the anger, pain. My family, and my mom's friends tried to cause drama on how I dealt with the Funeral. Probably what destroyed me was that I kept myself from crying. I hated crying in front of anyone, and I normally try to keep everything to myself until I panic, or it gets too much.
 So with my mom gone, I started to have constant panic attacks. Like, I'm having heart attacks, I'm afraid to sneeze cause I am going to die, or, if I close my eyes, I'm reliving those moments, watching my mom draw in her last breath. I start thinking my arm is going numb, and I MUST be dying, right? So with my fear, everything just ends up catching up and triggering my anxiety so bad that I was pacing around the house, scared, running to doctors, ER's, having EKG's, going to see cardio doctors, having so many tests done on me and everything comes back fine. You'd think that I would be okay, and take that, but, I felt like I was truly going crazy, and that I was dying from a heart attack. I'd wake up at night crying and shaking, or, I start to fall asleep, and jolt myself up with terror. I was asking my sister every day quick questions ""Are my lips purple? My fingers look weird? Are my ankles swelled? Is my skin yellowing? Is my face droopy?"" Seriously, my little sister immediately became my voice of reason. I'm so fortunate that she's patient with me. I kept apologizing to her, but she would just smile and say, ""You took care of me, I'm taking care of you.""  During this time, I started to abuse Benadryl, despite you know, my fears, I was abusing something to help me feel 'numb,'.
 2019 comes around, and I'm doing a bit better, I have my bad and good days, but I finally found medicine that helps as a tool with my depression and help with my anxiety, things were starting to feel better. I was doing my hobbies again, reading, writing, drawing, playing games without feeling as much guilt. It is nearing the anniversary of my mom's death, I'm helping my grandma to hang up lights for Christmas, and she tells me to do something, the problem is, I don't understand her. I have a hard time comprehending what she is saying, so I call my sister in to see what she's saying and she repeats everything. My sister gives me a look, and I panicked. My grandma had a stroke, and lived. Weeks were tough, spent Christmas alone (sister went to her boyfriends.) I saw grandma every day, got in a fight with an aunt (Whom also caused me drama back when mom died.) She kept saying I was immature, she was also holding a grudge for me leaving a job, because I learned I had to work with her (I couldn't stand this anti-vaxxer, hateful woman.) after the drama she caused me, and verbally abused me on multiple occasions (by calling me immature and then later apologizing but sending a mass text message to all family members about it, yikes, and taking back the apology. Meanwhile she was trying to make plans to take grandma/mine house away from us.) Keep in mind, this woman said I was nothing, and completely refuse to say my name. I'm ""that person.""  But right, I'm immature for quitting a job, that she tricked me to take, and she got mad at me after I had multiple panic attacks about this job, because it was a PHONE job and I had a hard time hearing people on the line. This job, and the way she would prank call this hospital was so bad, that I wanted to drive my car right into a tree. I thought about it every night.
 The only thing I cared about was taking care of my grandmother. She was scared, confused, reverted back to a child that throws a tantrum, and forgets things quite easily. Her speech was horrid (better now but she has a lot of trouble, she gets angry, depressed; and it is so hard to see my grandmother, the woman that raised me go through this.) She was crying, having such a hard time, and it broke my heart. This woman, she's my MOM!
 So, grandma is home, things have calmed down again, except for this whole coronavirus thing, which makes me extra careful and protective over my grandma whom I take care of as a caretaker. My family not once has offered help. Like I said, one mocked about my mental health and how I should be 'married with children' right about now, and how my depression and anxiety is so 'fake.' What she doesn't understand is what the hell I have gone through, or how much I have sacrificed my life, put my life to the side to make sure my sister grows. These people never checked in on me after my mother died, so they have no care. The three big ones were/still constant drama. One feels like I have finally 'proved myself.' Even though I have always taken care of my grandmother in a way, from leg surgeries, to helping her deteriorating mind. No one has ever given me credit, I had to 'prove' myself. For fuck's sake, I had to pull my mother from life support and have surgery right after a damn funeral.
 Anyways, here I am. This quarantine, and it has me thinking all of this crap. Just, everything. What should I have done different? Was I too quick with mom? My constant worries of dying, and the absolute fear behind it. I'm so scared to have fun, because, I feel like I'm not worth it. I'm not, if I start having fun, it feels too good to be true, you know? I'm still struggling to see grandma this way. I'm so scared of losing her, and, I wonder if I should've responded faster. My grandma is a different person, now..
 And there is my sister, graduating and... there is so much change. My little girl has grown up and she's going to be leaving, it's getting closer and I am so scared.
 It's to the point now that I don't know what I will do with my life, that I made it through raising her. She doesn't need me anymore.
 I am so scared, all this stuff is just going through my head all the time. I just want time to stop.
 Is there anyone else out there that is afraid, like this? Or have these major struggles of fear of dying and, after with everything that is happening is just beyond overwhelmed? I'm so scared that once my sister leaves, that's it. My life is over. What will I do? What will happen? Is my health deteriorating?
 I'm sorry that this is all too much, it's just, everything that is going through my mind at the moment. So much has happened, and I'm driving myself crazy. My thought process is running like, 100MPH. Yikes.
 Edit: Fixed a typo that bothered me."
Floored...  REQUESTING ADVICE  Close  16  Posted by  2 months ago  Floored...  REQUESTING ADVICE  I have been diagnosed with major depression paired with anxiety by both my family doctor and my psychologist after suffering a burnout at work. I stopped working. It’s been approximately 1 yr & a half now and in which I’ve tried different medications with little to no improvements. My doctor finally referred me to a psychiatrist for a second opinion or feedback. I had my appointment with him yesterday: first 30 minutes involved signing waivers and trying to fill out questionnaires. Strong emphasis on « trying » as I barely completed them: he told me « there was no need ». I felt those questions could be important... In a 30/40 minute session he said I didn’t have a depression. Just needed to « love myself » more and had to get back to work otherwise, past the 2 yr mark, I would always remain in « disability ». He also told me I needed no medication. He said my diagnosis was a «chronic dichotomia » (it sounded like that- could be something else.) I’m floored. Here I thought I could get more help (treatments, or something...) It ended in « Take care of you! ». I don’t know what to think. Is this common? Was that ok? Anyone can shed a light or provide some advice? I will be following up with my doctors soon.
"For some context, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, seasonal affective, and general anxiety. I'm on meds and have been seeking help for almost 3 years now.
 In talking with my therapist recently, I've realized that most of my humor has deteriorated to self-deprecation and suicidal humor, which I joke about on a daily basis. My therapist put into perspective how dangerous it can be to my mental health, and my friends have told me recently how anxious it makes them, since I do have a suicidal past.
 I know our generation can't help but joke about it sometimes, but I now know that this humor that I use to cope with my suicidal tendencies are only making things worse from me.
 Is there anything I can do to help stop this??? Or at least lessen how many jokes I make about it?? I want to put an end to this so I can better myself mentally and as a whole.
 This is probably really stupid and irrelevant, but seriously, any advice would be appreciated ❤❤"
For the last 2 years I have been caring for my mother who was diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. I also take care of my sister who has an intellectual disability. I’m 28 trying to be a caregiver but also start and live a life of my own. The past 2 years of caring for my mother took a major toll on me emotionally and because of that I now suffer from depression anxiety as well. My days are filled with sadness, worthlessness, and just pain. I have missed so many days from work that now my job is in jeopardy. I haven’t been with the company for a year yet so FMLA isn’t an option. There are days when I just can’t pull myself out of bed. Life just isn’t working out the way I hoped it would at this point. I have always been that person that everyone comes to to talk but I feel so alone. That there really isn’t anyone truly here for me. I feel so hopeless. I feel that there is no end to the hard days I experience on a daily basis.
"For the last few days I have been suffering from a bad bout of depression. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and was forced to take a medical leave of absence from school when I was a senior in college. I have sense gotten better and still cope daily with having depression. I currently am on 2 antidepressants and regularly see my PCP for medication changes. The girl I have been seeing is aware of my depression, but I never talk to her about it because I think it scares her. I think she would get to scared and walk away from me so I keep it hidden. I was so overwhelmed with being down yesterday that I ended up telling her about it. Even though I do get really down a lot, sleep all the time etc. I try to stay positive and know that tomorrow is a new day. I told her I was feeling sad and her response was
 ""It scares me because I am also in a really fragile state right now and I don't want to get sad with you. I need someone to teach me how to be strong right now.""
 ----after that it was a lot of her expressing concern about herself and how others have pulled her down. I am not going to do that and I wish she knew that, but is this the best way for her to respond?
 Sorry you are sad, but don't bring me down with you? Just doesn't make me think she is a good support for me. Thoughts?"
"For the past 4 years I have been completely self harm free. A year before those 4 years we had just moved from Japan to Georgia, and I had lost all of my friends (keep in mind I was 8 and I didn't grow up with a whole lot of technology.) I took me 5 months to get a single friend at school. I had gotten really sad and I didn't want to bother my mom about it because emotionally she was busy (and also the fact that my younger brother is very expressive with my parents and i didn't want to put anymore stress on her) so i started cutting. A year later she found the scars on my ankles (I didn't wanna get caught) and she started crying so I explained everything and she took me to my doctor. Over the past 4 years I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anxiety, anemia, and hypersomnia. I have been medicated for them as well. But lately I've not been feeling ok and there are multiple reasons.
 Body dysphoria- So I do karate and because of this I'm slightly bigger than most girls (meaning I'm fat)
 I feel like a burden- I always feel like a burden to people and I'm a complete waste of space. I feel like if i were to open up about my feelings I would just impose something on them and make them worried. And I always feel like im not helpful enough to people and that if I were to die right here right now it would increase their chances at having a better life. It sounds stupid but I genuinely believe this. I may joke about suicide but sometimes I actually mean it.
 But last night I was talking to my friend (she's been bullied her entire life for her weight but it's not her fault she had to take steroids) and she had talked about wanting to never leave her house and then it escalated to mentions of suicide. But my father cuts of my data at 10:00 and I couldn't talk to her or help her anymore. I dont know why but i guess it was from supressing my emotions but I had a panic attack and grabbed the closest thing and now my entire left thigh is covered in forearm sized bloody cuts.
 Im sorry that you had to sit through reading this but I just had to tell someone if not someone i actually know For the past 4 years I have been completely self harm free. A year before those 4 years we had just moved from Japan to Georgia, and I had lost all of my friends (keep in mind I was 8 and I didn't grow up with a whole lot of technology.) I took me 5 months to get a single friend at school. I had gotten really sad and I didn't want to bother my mom about it because emotionally she was busy (and also the fact that my younger brother is very expressive with my parents and i didn't want to put anymore stress on her) so i started cutting. A year later she found the scars on my ankles (I didn't wanna get caught) and she started crying so I explained everything and she took me to my doctor. Over the past 4 years I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anxiety, anemia, and hypersomnia. I have been medicated for them as well. But lately I've not been feeling ok and there are multiple reasons.
 Body dysphoria- So I do karate and because of this I'm slightly bigger than most girls (meaning I'm fat)
 I feel like a burden- I always feel like a burden to people and I'm a complete waste of space. I feel like if i were to open up about my feelings I would just impose something on them and make them worried. And I always feel like im not helpful enough to people and that if I were to die right here right now it would increase their chances at having a better life. It sounds stupid but I genuinely believe this. I may joke about suicide but sometimes I actually mean it.
 But last night I was talking to my friend (she's been bullied her entire life for her weight but it's not her fault she had to take steroids) and she had talked about wanting to never leave her house and then it escalated to mentions of suicide. But my father cuts of my data at 10:00 and I couldn't talk to her or help her anymore. I dont know why but i guess it was from supressing my emotions but I had a panic attack and grabbed the closest thing and now my entire left thigh is covered in forearm sized bloody cuts.
 Im sorry for all thoughs who sat through reading this but i felt like i needed,to tell someone."
"Former BFF's Psycho BF harassed me  lets not meet  Close  6  Posted by  5 months ago  Former BFF's Psycho BF harassed me  lets not meet  Edit: i rewrote this so its more detailed!
 Hey Courtney, I've got another story for ya. My last one was sweet and about the ghost of my grandmother, but this one is not so heartwarming. TRIGGER WARNING- this story has harassment, stalking, blood, talk of sex, and threats of violence.
 For context, I am a 23 year old female and this story takes place 5 years ago during my freshman year at university. 
 My freshman year roommate was a good friend of mine since we were 9, honestly, she was one of my best friends.  Let's call her M. M was going through a major rough patch, parents divorcing, her twin came out as trans, which their parents did not approve of, life was kicking her while she was down. She was, understandably, depressed. It broke my heart to see her like this, especially as I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and panic disorder myself. I knew it wasn't a fun time. We had decided a while back to be roomies at the school we both got accepted into. Our friendship wasn't what it used to be, but we figured we would be fine, we still loved each other like best friends do.
 It was really hard dealing with all of her issues, being literally the only person she could talk to without making it about myself. She never left the dorm room, and I got worried. Not to mention, I myself, was in a controlling and highly abusive relationship, of which I was oblivious to at the time. That's a whole different shit-storm of a story though.
  I knew this guy from our high school liked M, and it seemed like she liked him back so I encouraged her to talk to him. He had told her how he felt, and she felt the same. I wanted M to be happy, which was naive of me to think a boy could fix her problems, but I was 18 and under someone's thumb, gimme a break.
  Fast forward a bit, they started dating. He was 2 years younger than us, 16 years old, and in high school. He was, unfortunately for him, morbidly obese. But he was playing football, and thought he was hot shit dating a college girl. Let's call him R. Their relationship started out innocent enough, lots of skype dates, but very quickly it became obsessive and consumed both of their lives. They would skype all day and all night. M would come home from class, hastily finish her homework, and would wait until R got home from school to skype.
 One night, I had my then boyfriend over in our room (with M's permission) and we were playing a game and laughing when M stood up from her computer, took her headphones out and said to us, ""Can you guys keep it down? R is trying to sleep."" That's right, she stayed on skype with him until he fell asleep. I asked her why she did that and she explained to me that R would get pissed at her if she tried to end the call before then. I said that was kinda weird and she shrugged it off. Big red flag #1.
 About a month later, R came down to our school to visit M for the weekend. I got back from class early on that Friday and R was in our room, sitting in her bed. Honestly, this was so long ago that I don't remember what we spoke about, but I was very cordial with him. Somehow, as we spoke, he managed to slip in the fact that he thought I was pretty and wished that M dressed more like me. I shuddered and laughed it off uncomfortably as I quickly packed some stuff up to spend the night with my then boyfriend. 
 R visited M a few more times over the course of a couple months at our school when she broke the news that they were gonna do ~it~. I had warned M that there was a two year age difference 16 and that might break some laws. She said it was fine, I mostly just didn't care for him at this point, but I told her to just be safe, and to pee afterwards. Low and behold, they did it and they did it a lot. Either he was really not careful about his hygiene or she didn't heed my advice, because she ended up with a UTI so bad she was peeing BLOOD.  It started to make more sense why she always looked like she had been through absolute hell after they finished up.
  The next incident happened when I was getting ready to go to rugby practice, the sport that led me to my current boyfriend but I will talk about that later. I didn't know M was skyping with R as I was standing behind her, getting ready. I had changed into workout leggings and a sports bra, I was looking for my sweatshirt when I found it on the ground next to my desk. I went to pick it up, bending over, not realizing that R was getting a great view of my ass. It was right then when M had pulled out her headphone jack and I heard R say to her, ""Wow, you should really dress more like (my name), her ass looks so good."" I whipped around with a bewildered look on my face, angry and disgusted. It felt almost planned even though I know it wasn't, just an insane coincidence. I quickly pulled my sweatshirt on and looked at M. M didn't say anything and I felt my face get hot with embarrassment. I grabbed my keys and kit bag and left the room, feeling a little violated.
 Over the next month, R managed to convince M to start wearing more makeup, dress more provocatively, and to go on a crash diet. Now, M was a tomboy through and through. She played basketball in high school, ran track, M was sporty. M never wore makeup, and she was thin, athletic, and always seemed confident, she had no reason to want to lose weight or drastically change her image. She never had any interest in makeup, this just wasn't her. I asked M about it, concerned. She told me that R just wanted her to be healthy and that he liked how thin and athletic I was and that M should be more like me. What the actual fuck is happening? What was his fixation on me? This gross, misogynistic asshole was turning my friend into a different person, someone who compared themselves to me and unknowingly began resenting me for it. This was getting scary.
 Over holiday break, I spoke with M about how I was worried I was, and that, at least to me, it seemed like he was very controlling and manipulative. She didn't say anything really, mostly making excuses. She didn't want to talk about it anymore, so we left it at that, but that night R started texting me asking why I thought he was controlling. I didn't want to start anything so I told him that it was between me and her. He then proceeded to blow up my phone with texts harassing me, yelling at me, with a few vague threats sprinkled in. After failing at my attempt to ignore him, I told him to leave me alone. That of course did not work and I ended up blocking his number.
 Jump to the first couple weeks into the next semester,  and shit hit the fan. M had gone home for the weekend and called me to let me know she was stuck at R's house as there was a white out blizzard and there was no way she could make the drive back to campus that night. I told her that I'd see her tomorrow and to drive safe. I then went down to the dining hall for dinner and got a text from M. It said ""hi."" Confused, as we had just spoken on the phone, I responded with, ""hi?"".  She then sent me a photo of a cute letter we had passed back and forth the year before in high school, I sent back another ""?"".
 The next message was another picture of that letter, but torn to pieces, with a ""ha"" captioning it. Dumbfounded and slightly angry, I replied""R?"" And he replied with a charming""no shit sherlock."" 
 I made it very clear to him that I didn't want to speak to him and to please hand the phone back to M. He immaturely said ""no, I'm having fun."" 
 After few more texts back and forth of me starting to lose my cool, telling him to fuck off, I got another pic. And this one was fucked. Up. 
 The photo was of M, sobbing, with R's hand holding a rather large butcher knife to her throat. The charmer captioned it, "" See, look , I'm being controlling, just like you said! I think M would look better decapitated, maybe she will even lose some weight!""
 Fearing the photo was actually real, like any friend would, I began calling M. M picked up and was LAUGHING.
 I felt my blood begin to boil as I cussed her out, pissed off as all hell, and she proceeded to say it was ""just a joke"". 
 What kind of fucking joke is that??? And yeah, the knife, it was fucking real. Because playing with something that could kill someone is funny I guess?
 I lost it on her. I told her that R was not allowed to come to our dorm from now on and how dare she let him harass me more using her phone? He knew he couldn't get to me through his phone, so he used hers to get to me. She knew I had blocked him after he sent me countless messages begging me to change my mind about him. And she decided to help him fuck with me, what a good friend. Later, I called her mom, and told her what happened, hoping she could talk some reason into her daughter. Let me first say, her Mom is actually off her rocker crazy. The woman thinks I'm a witch because I started wearing makeup when I was 12. Okay then. Her mom said that she knew what they were doing, as they had come over and planned to do it, with her entire family saying it would be so funny.
 Aside from the what the fuck is wrong with this family, what about the snowstorm? 
 Apparently, the roads were well salted and it wasn't really that bad. She could return to school that night but chose not to. She stayed just to fuck with me and spend time with her ~boo~.
 When M came back the next day, I flew into a rage yelling at her and cussing her out, all with tears in my eyes. Telling her how she scared the shit out of me, that shes deluded if she thinks that was funny and how I thought she was my friend. M didn't even fucking blink. 
 That was the only time we spoke all week. I arranged for a peer mediation with our resident advisor at the end of the week, hoping we could talk, figure out how to move forward living together. I didn't sleep that week, crying all night over a ruined friendship. 
 The day of our mediation, M woke me up with her entire family in our room. M asked me to leave so her family could help her move out. Um, excuse me?
 I ran out to speak with my RA and she said this wasn't supposed to be happening today, that she was supposed to move out the next day. Again, what??
 So M decided, fuck the mediation and our friendship, I'm gonna move out. She didn't even have the decency to tell me. I was fed up and let her go. Her father, who told her that I was going to end up being a serial killer because I was a psych major (like wtf man? Also he apparently tried to strangle his stepdad according to M), sneered at me as I left. Let me also just say this man thought I was a whore when I wore mascara for the first time at his house. I was 12. 
 After they moved her out, they asked me to keep her mini fridge because it was a pain to move, to which I said absolutely not, and left it in the stairwell for M to collect. 
 I was honestly kind of afraid of R, he went through a lot of trouble to harass me and I knew he would be coming to my school to visit her again, so I called the non-emergency number for the campus police. They came to my dorm and I explained everything, including showing them the photos he sent me. They basically replied with, ""holy shit, that's fucked up.""
 The police ended up contacting M and R, who claimed the knife was a toy that belonged to R's brother, to which I explained that R was an only child. Why lie man? The police warned R that they had his phone number, and that if he contacted me again, or showed up in my dorm building they would be contacting the police of my hometown, and harassment and stalking charges would be filed. They also threw in that they would contact his high school and that he would never play football in our state again. 
 I thankfully never heard from him again, but ended up becoming severely depressed that year because of what happened. I sought help through counseling at our student center, which helped some. I finished the year out without a roommate, which was fine because I got a double room to myself without having to pay extra. M and I never rekindled our friendship, as she made it very clear to me that I no longer mattered to her. I did hear through mutual friends that they broke up a month or so later, so I hope that asshole was worth ruining a friendship of 9 years, my dear. So, R, the stalking asshole who ruined my friendship, my best friend, and remarkably, his own life because he was a controlling weirdo, let's never meet again, and even if we did, I'm pretty confident I could kick your ass.
 To end this story on a happy note, I did end things with my abusive ex. Playing rugby gave me the confidence to leave him, and I've continued to play ever since. Rugby also led me to my amazing boyfriend of almost 2 years. He is everything to me and treats me the way every woman dreams of being treated. He's my best friend and we're planning to get married. I'm the happiest I've ever been. We also just got a place together and will be moving in together next week!"
"Found my STBX on a dating app today  Close  86  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Found my STBX on a dating app today  Backstory:  I was once a very successful man with a beautiful wife and a $850,000 house on the outskirts of Malibu, CA... but in the span of 6 years my step father was ran over and killed, my father committed suicide, my youngest brother committed suicide, 18 days later my best friend over dosed, 9 months later my uncle was found dead in his apartment, and now my wife is divorcing me. I have been diagnosed with major depression disorder, panic disorder, PTSD, and I'm going through the process of filing for permanent disability because I haven't been able to work in almost 3 years.
 My wife and I have been together over 11 years but we have lived separately for a little over a year and a half. She 'served' me with separation paperwork 6 months ago but she claims she never turned it in after I signed it... she also can't say the D word (divorce) and although it's assumed - she hasn't actually filed for a divorce. She doesn't go longer than 2 or 3 days without texting me (mostly because we have a 5 year old son together and lately the texts have all pertained to him). We haven't talked about ""us"" in over 6 months.
 Fast forward to tonight around 10:30pm. I've been pretty lonely so I signed up for a popular dating app and I came across her profile. It was sort of like getting punched in the face (even though I'm on the app as well). Idk - I guess I'm just having a really tough time letting go, especially after all of these deaths I've been through & the fact that not only was she my wife but she was also my best friend."
"Freshly minted INTJ, what's good my dudes  MBTI  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Freshly minted INTJ, what's good my dudes  MBTI  Hey all, hope things are ok...chances are they aren't, but meh, shit happens.
 I wanted to say hi since I retook the test on personalityjunkie and got INTJ rather than INFP.
 I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and antisocial personality disorder in the past, so it's not too surprising...either that or I'm just a really f**ked up INFP.
 Either way, hey and hope things are going well o/"
"Gaining Access to Hormones as a Nonbinary Person  Close  9  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Gaining Access to Hormones as a Nonbinary Person  I think that now is the time for me to start taking hormones, but I'm not sure where to start and how it will go. So, some factors I have to consider:
 •I was admitted to a psyche ward for a weekend for suicidal thoughts. I consider it an attempt because I was trying to jump but was unable to find a ledge before I had a moment of clarity, but they may not classify at such because I didn't have like any injuries or anything. I've heard that gatekeepers can use this against you, and it worries me.
 •I was recently diagnosed with autism (high functioning), and I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder in the past (at the psych ward).
 •Nonbinary. Which I guess is obvious, but I've heard this makes it more difficult to gain access to hormones than if I were a transman or transwoman.
 •I have some dysphoria surrounding my chest and sometimes my voice, but other than that not much else. I don't know how that affects how it is perceived or anything but I'm worried I won't be seen as ""in need"" of hormones because of this. I'm mostly concerned about passing as a woman if I wish to sometimes, or at least not being able to pegged as AMAB easily.
 •Not sure if I should say which state I live in precisely, but I'm in a North-Eastern state.
 Can anybody give me some advise and direction?"
Gday, I am 19 and live in Australia. I have been on pristiq 100mg for about a year and a half and personally, it has helped me a lot (in conjunction with a lot of regular appointments with my psych). I am assuming this forum is American as I cannot imagine having to taper off such drugs or not see doctors or ration my pills because of a lack of money???!!!. I am on welfare (youth/Uni student allowance) which allows me $500/fortnight and all of my medication and doctors appointments are 'bulk billed' ... (i.e the doctor charges the government). I know that this is off topic but I just have to say that I am disgusted that there is not something in place to help all of you pay for your medication. Pristiq for example costs me $5 per month but that is still paid for by my welfare. If I can help in any way I will... sincerely. But anyway, as I should have been saying, pristiq has helped me a lot. I have never had to experience complete withdrawal, and certainly wouldn't be able to cope with that currently. However I have accidentally missed a day or two (this happened over the weekend) and I am usually fine no symptoms at all the first day and the second day I wake up and it's like BAMMMMM! I can barely lift my head off my pillow, my dreams are so vivid that I wake up screaming, I am sore and so sick. I throw up all day and usually wake up too late the next day so am unable to take it as I would be up all night. That being said, I have no desire to go off at the moment because I am in a good place with these, FINALLY! . I am diagnosed with major depression and severe anxiety.
"Getting CBT on a Medicare Insurance plan  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  Getting CBT on a Medicare Insurance plan  I've recently started taking Vyvanse for my ADHD.  I've also been living on disability for the last 6 years.  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder, this is the justification for my disability.  The ADHD thing has been a recent development.
 I see a psychiatrist every 3 months for med reviews, short 15-minute appointments.  We go over what meds I'm taking, what adjustments need to be made, etc.  This is how I first got on Vyvanse.
 Taking Vyvanse has been a big help, but it's not a cure for me.  I believe I need CBT very badly, but it's my understanding that my Medicare based insurance plan won't cover individual therapy sessions.  They cover the med-review appointments and pay for my prescriptions, but I don't think this is adequate to what I need.
 Anybody in a similar situation and found a way to get needed therapy?"
"Getting my go bag ready  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Getting my go bag ready  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder with suicidal tenancies in the past. I fucked my perfect life into a monotonous rut. I left my parent's house at 18 to escape the psychologically tolling homelife. I got a dead-end job at a grocery store making shit hours and shit money to pay for rent and food. I'm also busting my ass to get through highschool, even though I quite possibly might not graduate due to too many unexcused absences. I won't get into personal shit because it's nothing this sub hasn't heard before, but to say the least life at the moment is not ideal.
 Then I come here and see so many people with far worse problems than me in their lives, and it makes me feel like a coward. I feel like a bother to others if I try to open up about my struggles. I feel like I'm a bother. But one thing I've learned over the years is suicide is not always the answer, no matter how tempting. Tonight I'm gonna pack my ""go-bag"", I think it's almost time to start anew somewhere else. wherever that may be."
Glomus tumor in distal phalanx of left little finger  Physician Responded  Close  4  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   15 days ago  Glomus tumor in distal phalanx of left little finger  Physician Responded  Hi, I’m a 29 y/o female- 200lbs - 5’5” - currently taking bupropion, trintellix, norethindrone and various supplements. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and have slightly elevated cholesterol. I work in the food service industry. Since my teens I’ve had a sensitivity in my left little finger. It started out as a slight pain when the tip of my little finger was squeezed. As I’ve gotten older it’s gotten worse and now it’s to the point that it’s almost unbearable and my eyes tear up when it happens. The pain can come out of no where, it can happen from just grazing the tiny spot or from washing my hands in slightly cold water. If the spot is hit extra hard the pain is debilitating and makes me cry. Even the temperature change getting out of bed in the morning sends my pinky into a fit. I try my best to just not use my left hand to do anything and to keep myself warm. I’ve honestly thought that if someone couldn’t figure out what was wrong with me I would just ask them to cut off the tip of my pinky. I’d mentioned it to my doctor two years ago and he sort of brushed it off, which I don’t blame him for because I didn’t make it a big deal and haven’t mentioned it since (I have problems thinking I’m a burden, yes, even though that’s what he’s there for). But, it’s gotten much more sensitive to touch and temperature lately, so I started doing some casual research in my spare time and finally stumbled upon glomus tumors. I practically started crying once I realized how consistent my symptoms are. My main concern now is getting this information to a doctor and being taken seriously. I know it’s quite annoying to have patients diagnose themselves and I’m totally willing to accept that I could be wrong and it could be something else. Should I take this to my pcp or attempt to schedule an appointment with an orthopedist? A hand surgeon? Just not sure on the next steps here and what I should expect. Any advice is really appreciated and thanks in advance!
"Got really weird and dissociative but I don't know why or what is it?  Close  8  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Got really weird and dissociative but I don't know why or what is it?  So okay, I smoked weed for like the 4th time in my life and I started acting really crazy and feeling like I was in a dream, which I thought was shit that happens when you smoke. However the same feeling of dissociation, acting all loopy and speaking gibberish was still there after I woke up today and I kept feeling like that throughout most of the day. I've been having really violent mood swings, going from happy-go-lucky and laughing to intense crying episodes and fear. Like, my partner would try to make me laugh so we play around, but there came a moment where he grabbed my neck from behind and it triggered a really intense flashback of my mom's abuse. It later happened again when he got on top of me to hug me, and then AGAIN when he gently put a pillow on my face but I started freaking out, crying and begging him not to kill me even though the situation was not even close to that. He has NEVER been aggressive towards me. The thing is I NEVER get vivid flashbacks or get so intensely triggered by anything. I've been diagnosed with major depression and used to have a panic disorder but I've never had PTSD or anything like that. It's pretty damn weird.
 Other things:
 -I am impulsively throwing insults at everything, even though I don't mean it at all (I told my cat that she fucking sucks and that she's a loser, and I was watching a dumpling tutorial on youtube and yelled at my phone screen, calling the chef lady a dirty whore lol)
 -I can sometimes talk in a word salad , or start talking about really random subjects in almost nonsensical sentences
 -I start babbling gibberish, and it's very childlike, as if I'm a 3-year-old or something.
   I'm hypersensitive to touch
   -I've tried every grounding technique there is, but even though I'm super conscious that this is my mind playing tricks on me, I still can't shake off the dream-like/movie-like feeling. Nothing feels real at all."
"Graduated a treatment center (Alcoholism), moved to a new city, and found a job. But I'm struggling getting established. Any help right now would be a small miracle  REQUEST  Close  26  Posted by   registered   8 months ago  Archived  Graduated a treatment center (Alcoholism), moved to a new city, and found a job. But I'm struggling getting established. Any help right now would be a small miracle  REQUEST  Edit: -- Just to throw in, I was bitten by a dog this past Saturday and had to have my roommate loan me $188 for the tetanus shot/antibiotics :, so that was a pretty big hit.
 I graduated an awesome state-funded treatment center on the 14th of June and managed to get into an amazing sober living house(I can PM the name if anyone is curious). I'm 4 months clean and sober and things really are looking up, happiest I've been in a long time, but I'm still struggling to get things squared away as I've moved to a new city and do not have transportation or even money for the bus system (Which isn't great). I really lucked out and found an amazing job, $13 hourly, full time, but I've had to spend my paychecks to fulfill rent and food, and I just haven't been able to get caught up (Especially with transportation to work and home) I'm also unable to pay for my next refills on my medication (Mirtazapine, Escitalopram, Omeprazole, and Clonazepam). I think roughly combined they're about $60 at Walgreens (I'm especially worried about running out of the Lexapro and Remeron), I still owe another $150 on my rent and do not get paid until the 15th. I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Panic Disorder, Generalized Anxiety disorder, and PTSD.
 Lot's of good things happening though, I have to tell myself the serenity prayer daily (God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference). It's gotten me pretty dang far.  Four Months, Four Days, and One hour clean and sober!! 
 But man, I'm sincerely happy right now, and it's wonderful.  If ANYONE is able to help with anything please PM me for my Venmo or PayPal (It has my personal name attached).
 I have an old Bitcoin ledger wallet too if anyone would like to use that. Thank you again
 Thanks,
  Glucose  31 comments  share  save  hide  report  79% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   registered  6 points   ·    8 months ago  I'm not able to help financially, but I want to tell you congrats!!! I'm proud of you! It takes so much to overcome an addiction. You're amazing!!!"
"Gray rocking has worked to an extent, which is why I’m mad at myself for opening up a little.
 NMom, once again, warned me against taking antidepressants. Well, just so happened I started a new one a month ago that seems to be helping a bit...could be in my head, but it’s the first of 6 or 7 that have shown ANY sort of promise.
 I told her this, and that I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety and that sometimes peoples’ brain chemistry causes issues.
 NDad’s immediate response? “Everyone in the world has clinical depression.”
 “Yeah actually I thought that my entire life, but turns out it’s not true at all.”
 “Depression and anxiety are made up by the psychiatry industry to make money. It’s all bullshit. Everyone has the tools to handle their mental issues [...] Once I went into my cousin’s support group in the 80s and told the leader “NO ONE is getting anything out of this!” [...] You know who’s  ACTUALLY  depressed? Uncle matt, who’s an alcoholic. The only depressed people I know are alcoholics and drug addicts. I wonder why they’re depressed putting poison in their body??!?”
 On and on.
 No use fighting it anymore, I calmly gathered my things and left with a chipper “gotta go have a nice week!”
 I know they always told me growing up that I’m not depressed, but man I got quite a refresher course of their views today.
 In their opinion, I need to distrust my therapist and psychiatrist, the “quacks”...when in reality those 2 women are the only people on the planet I feel I can be completely honest with.
 Damn it, chemical imbalances are real. I hate that I care so much about convincing 2 selfish narc baby boomers that they don’t know everything."
"Greetings & Salutations to all my fellow gamers around the world
 I'm here to speak today concerning: Xbox One: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided: Day 1 Edition.
 I received the OST Sampler, The Virtual Books (that I can't read of course - I have no program on my computer that reads PDF Format, but at least I got them, but I had to join their website to do so), I got the little book, I got the nice statue.  As for the ""In-game"" I received the: Modern Trench Coat, The Modern Armor and nothing, nothing else. I went to my storage, I did what it said in the ""Tutorial"" and nothing, not a single consumable, not a single durable.  To those of you out there that at least got one of those items, I'm jealous, your real lucky.
 I wrote two wonderful messages to Square-Enix, Support staff explaining my situation, that none of the ""In-Game"" DLC was there, other than the Modern Trench coat and Modern Armor, I got nothing else, and I pre-ordered this game from way back - big mistake I know. The third message I wrote them, they actually had an answer for my problem and this is it:
 [Xbox One] I only received one Xbox store code instead of two after redeeming the Square Enix web code.
 A second code is no longer required; all content listed on the Product Registration Card can be unlocked with the Xbox store code you received.
 Unfortunately, the information on the card could not be updated in time to reflect this change.]
 This makes little sense to me, (more like double -talk) so they could cover their own azz, and they did that very well, still didn't help me any, the in-game items, the covert agent pack was lost to me forever.
 What's really bad about all this is that, I didn't get what I paid for, I paid through the nose ($130.00+), I had to join their website, just to get the code, and the thing didn't even work.  I have been diagnosed with Clinical Depression for many years now; anger is the low man on the totem pole right now, from where my mind is in all this.
 Now with FF15 right around the corner, I'm thinking that they used up their last bit of humanity with me when they screwed me out of Deus Ex: Mankind Divided: Day 1 Edition - Covert Agent Pack - promises, promises; now I'm considering on downgrading what I have reserved at my local Gamestop store, to just the game and F*** everything else.
 I have been in this Video Gaming Industry for well over 34 years, and in the last few years (Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox One years), the games that have come out seem to be less for those who play them, and more for those who make them, what this means is this: we are the gamers, we like to play video games, preferably good/great ones, we have to settle for what comes out on the market, those that make them care more about the ""money"" they can make from us who play them, than actual quality of the games they make.
 When I was way younger, back in the 1980's, games that were made were fun to play, because at that time, those that made them truly cared for us, the gamers, those days are long gone, lost forever to the greedy, manipulative money grubbing companies of this day and age, progress isn't always a good thing, if it takes what you love and kills it forever.
 Maybe to this generation of gamers, you will become used to being treated like trash, from the video game companies, promises for things, that they don't give, no matter the money you pay, I can at least look back on an era, where the games were fun to play, and you didn't lose any money in the process, you got what you paid for.
 It's time for me to go now, have a nice day..."
"Harassed and bullied at work then 'let go'  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Harassed and bullied at work then 'let go'  State: QLD
 So yesterday on my way home from work I was 'let go' without any reason or explanation for doing so.
 For the past 6 months or so my team leader has been harassing and bullying me everyday, anything from telling me to do something and then changing his mind later to get me in trouble. To more extreme things such as calling me useless, incompetent, on a number of occasions he said I was too depressing to be around and all I did was depress others around me and cause issues.
 This one really got to me as I have been diagnosed with major depression and I've always tried my best to be happy and I've always worked hard.
 I told the boss about this and he said he would talk to the team leader which made no difference to my situation. After a while I spoke to a union representative of the company and he informed me that taking action against the team leader would result in my immediate termination as I was only a casual and they don't like casuals causing issues.
 I've asked some friends from work if they would back me up in the event of a harassment case but they have all refused to speak out in fear of losing their jobs as well.
 I'm in desperate need of work or compensation for lost wages until I can find alternative work as I have a family to support and bills to pay.
 Any information would be greatly appreciated.
 I just want to know what would be the best course of action against what has happened to me. I worked security for this company for over 5 years before transferring into the factory where I worked a further 10 months before being fired."
"Has anybody ever been diagnosed with / developed a learning disability along with depression?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Has anybody ever been diagnosed with / developed a learning disability along with depression?  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and I noticed that Ive been struggling more than nornal in school for the past semester. For the most part, I've been able to do OK with school during the worst ruts of my depression, and above average at my best times, but I have the feeling that it's getting harder for me to make connections, to focus, and to learn in general.
 I consistently lose focus, and each time we review something in class it's like hearing about it for the first time. Obviously, it makes school a nightmare.
 I feel like I fit a lot of the symptoms of ADHD, but I don't know if it's all in my head or not. If not ADHD, maybe a different type of learning disability? It's my freshman year of college, all of my classes are basically a review of senior year of high school. I know I've seen all of this stuff before, I've even tested on most of it before, but I just can't make the connections like I used to. It's like the worst brain fog you can imagine, and 8t never stops.
 Before anybody tells me that that's just how freshman year is, and that college is different (I'm not disagreeing), I'm working really hard to study the right way (Reading and marking the material before class, taking practice tests to study, Khan academy to review). I feel like I'm doing everything that I ""should"" but my learning isn't getting any easier. If anything, it's degrading at a worrying pace.
 Has anybody experienced anything like this before? Any tips or advice on looking into learning disabilities? Just to reiterate, I don't need study tips, those haven't really seemed to help me much.
 Thanks in advance"
"Has anyone ever acted on their intrusive thoughts and did it stop them/provide relief?  WARNING:  POTENTIALLY TRIGGERING   spoiler  Close  3  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Has anyone ever acted on their intrusive thoughts and did it stop them/provide relief?  WARNING:  POTENTIALLY TRIGGERING   spoiler  I have a recurring, intrusive thought that I obsess over. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and recently officially with OCD (it had been touched upon with prior therapists but never officially diagnosed). I have spoken with my current therapist about this intrusive thought, which if acted upon would amount to self-harm, but not death (which is never part of this particular fantasy). I could potentially pull it off if I follow my obsessive, rigid plan for it, and only need a surgery to fix it. If it doesn’t go to plan, the worst case could be multiple surgeries and physical therapy. I would in no way harm anyone else if I carried this out.
 My question is, would it help? If I act on this impulse, this thought that has been plaguing me for months, would it quiet and disappear? The mental relief I imagine from following through on this seems worth the physical pain. Has anyone ever carried out their intrusive obsession, and what were the results?
 Thanks for sharing whatever you can, without judgement."
"Has anyone experienced hypothyroid induced depression feeling/manifesting differently than just regular old chronic mild depression and/or major depression?  General  Close  36  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Has anyone experienced hypothyroid induced depression feeling/manifesting differently than just regular old chronic mild depression and/or major depression?  General  tldr; I've had sad depression before, but this time around the ""depression"" feels and is manifesting much differently than before, much more mentally numbing than sad, and the numbing seems like a secondary result, and I am curious if this may be something indicative of hypothyroid induced depression.
  
 I am un-diagnosed, and about to have lab testing done next week. And I should note that I might not even have hypothyroidism, but after researching all of the symptoms and how they manifest, it just makes so much sense.I have been diagnosed with major depression for about 6 years now, and even on my best drug cocktail mix (ton of prozac and 60mg adderrall xr), I have never been able to overcome the fatigue (the need a nap and/or long rest period lying down) throughout the day.
 I have experienced depression before as a teen, and i remember the feeling; the sadness, the hopelessness, and the constant negative and sad thoughts. I know depression, and I know when my current symptoms started it felt nothing like that. The first thing I experienced was just getting unreasonably tired throughout the day.  I was on deployment, and I went from working out everyday to using that two hour window to take naps.  A few months later after I got back from deployment I started putting on weight like I had never done before.  I got my implanon (birth control implant) taken out thinking that was the cause, but my symptoms did not improve.  I got my hormones tested and they said they were within normal ranges (I did not know at the time to question what normal was, or what tests they had done, or if they even tested my thyroid at all).
 But throughout all of this I never felt sad.  I felt more emotionally numb than anything, like it was just too much work to feel stuff so my brain was numbing everything out.  but I never felt anything even close to that sadness and hopelessness that I had felt when I was depressed as a teen. Also with the depression as a teen, the sadness and mood changes, started before any of the physical side effects. This time around it feels like the depression (if it even is depression and not something un-diagnosed that has been causing the chronic fatigue) is a secondary symptom of an underlying problem. And the physical symptoms this time around (the fatigue, the weight gain, how hard it is to lose weight, the mental fogginess, constant UTIs, and TMJ issues)  all started before the emotional numbness started, and i have yet to experience the super sad hopelessness.
  
 But hey, I could be completely wrong and maybe this just is a different type of depression, which is why I am curious if anyone else may have perspective from their own experience with non-hypothyroidism related depression vs hypothyroidism induced depression.
 Also if this does not sound like hypothyroidism, but does sound like something else, please let me know. I just want to not be so exhausted all the time.
  
  
 If its worth noting, these are all the symptoms and issues I have had since the fatigue started in 2011:
 -constipation to the point of fissures (sorry if thats TMI)
 -constant (and now apparently permanent) UTIs
 -very low vitamin d
 -low B12
 -abnormal weight gain; much harder than usual to lose any weight
 -early graying that accelerated after the fatigue started
 -hair thinning (but i was not sure if this was related to taking adderall)
 -get sick often and easily (but I will say I have always been prone to this)
 -issues with my knees and TMJ
 -very irregular periods (and occasionally it will lasts much longer than what was my 5-6 day average)
 -not as mentally sharp or on point as I was. Even with fascinating books and articles I can only read for so long before I become too tired to comprehend the information.
 -irritable, sometimes extremely
 -friendships and relationships just seem too exhausting sometimes. summing up the amount of mental energy I need to maintain them seems too much at times, which is especially surprising and frustrating because I am (or was) a highly social person.
 -the ""chicken skin"" on my arms is getting worse and worse despite me taking much better care of it than I ever did before (it gets worse from dryness). Also I am starting to get chicken skin bumps on my legs which I hasn't happened since I was going through puberty."
Has anyone had any successful trials with antidepressants? If so, what happened? No negative answers please-I’m trying to stay positive about them.  Close  2  Posted by  22 days ago  Has anyone had any successful trials with antidepressants? If so, what happened? No negative answers please-I’m trying to stay positive about them.  I am 20/F. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for a long time now, I’d say 6 years. I haven’t really tried antidepressants, the longest I’ve taken one was five days and I know that’s not enough time at all. My life is in shambles, I can’t remember anything, my derealization is so so terrible. It’s like I hardly remember anything at all, days just go by with me in my bed. I’m scared that I won’t be successful like I want to be. But what is your experience with antidepressants?
"Has anyone taken Fluoxetine before?  Close  4  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Has anyone taken Fluoxetine before?  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Anxiety, and have been prescribed Fluoxetine. I just turned 20. I've heard that there are some pretty crappy side effects like anxiety and suicidal thoughts...which really doesn't help because I'm taking this medication to get rid of that. Has anyone taken this before, and if you have, how was it like? Does it help? Are the symptoms bad?
 Thanks ya'll. ❤"
Have any of you tried electroconvulsive therapy?  Close  3  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Have any of you tried electroconvulsive therapy?  It has done wonders for me and i believe it can help others with a 75-83% success rate. Where as meds were 40% I've been diagnosed with major depression disorder since 8 but I hope this is a new start. I hope all of you can find the strength to make a change. I understand its easier said then done but being someone who hurt all the time, i can't take it when others are miserable.
Have you tried other antidepressants besides the one that gives you the zombie feeling? I ask because I've been diagnosed with major depression since I was 15 (I'm 35 now) and have tried many different medications and classes of antidepressants through the years. I have had to discontinue taking a few (like Zoloft) due to those "zombie-like" feelings, among other side effects. I have been on Celexa for 12 years now, and Trazodone for sleep for 12 years, and am pretty stable. My depression was very severe when I was younger. I can only describe it as feeling like I was in a "pit of despair with no hope of climbing out". I also suffered from Generalized Anxiety Disorder and OCD. I was in a constant "fight or flight" state. It was BAD. But I no longer have those issues! 😊 So, I want to offer you hope, because I have felt the way you have many, many times before, but please keep trying, change your medications with your doctors blessing, try new things, keep talking to folks on here who understand, and keep engaging in life.
"Having Kids  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Having Kids  So I love this girl and I've contemplated having a life and family with her.  Problem is she has a kid and (being a female as well) I want to carry a child of my own. Like a natural made baby if I can. She has made me so upset and depressed with this because I understand not wanting me to sleep with someone else but she says that its either her or finding a guy to father my child. I've tried making negotiations but she doesn't seem willing to budge. She also pushes my anxiety to the point that I curl up into a ball some nights. Do i just leave the girl or am i just being dramatic here? I'm scared and I dont want to lose her but I do want my own child in the next few years. Am I just settling for her cause I fear no one else will love me?
 *sorry for all the questions. I've been fighting myself for so long on this and I could use some advice. (Edit: I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Panic Anxiety Disorder)"
"Hearing voices or sad thoughts?  Close  4  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Hearing voices or sad thoughts?  Hi. This is really weird for me to just post about on an online group of strangers...But I have to know if this happens to others as well. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and have had it honestly my whole life. I come from a household where my mom was emotionally abusive. I believe i was born with depression, but that my environment made it worse.
 I don’t think i hear voices...but when i’m sad my thoughts tell me i’m worthless. It doesn’t have a voice though. It’s like my internal monologue if that makes sense. My question is...Is that what hearing voices is like? Or what is going on"
"Heart palpitations  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   1 month ago  Heart palpitations  Hi there, I’m female, 24, 190lbs, 5’8. I am diagnosed with major depressive and OCD. I take celexa 20mg currently. I am white. I do not smoke, I drink on occasion.
 Back in high school I had horrible anxiety, accompanied by heart palpitations. I was put on Zoloft. It quickly took the anxiety and heart palpitations away. I got off of the medication because I was experiencing negative side effects and felt I was okay to manage my anxiety on my own.
 Back in July my anxiety and heart palpitations reappeared. I got on Celexa and for the most part it has eased my anxiety. However, the palpitations still linger. They happen daily. It’s very uncomfortable and I feel it fires my anxiety up. My doctor has listened to my heart briefly and took some blood. Nothing ever comes of this, or it gets chalked back up to my anxiety. Advice?"
Hello All! I just joined this forum & am happy to be surrounded by people who "get it"! Anyway, I am currently on Wellbutrin XL 300mg/day, and LOVE IT. This is coming from someone who's tried almost every SSRI/SNRI there is & just can't deal w/the sexual side effects, which is awesome because Wellbutrin has none of that crap!! I used to be prescribed Adderall but am not anymore (recovering addict), and Wellbutrin fills in nicely with its stimulating effects. It really helps me concentrate at work & keeps my spirits up! I have been on it for a month & plan on continuing for as long as I can as it's worked better than any SSRI I've ever tried. I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder & have bad anxiety, so this is part of a much larger cocktail that I'm prescribed (also on Abilify, Remeron, Suboxone, and Neurontin). Except for the Suboxone, Wellbutrin has been the biggest life-saver of all the meds I've tried...Two thumbs up! =)
Hello everyone, We are looking for participants from the UK who have been diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder to take part in our paid research project - participants will be rewarded with Amazon vouchers :) Please find further information in the picture below  Close  10  Posted by  1 month ago  Hello everyone, We are looking for participants from the UK who have been diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder to take part in our paid research project - participants will be rewarded with Amazon vouchers :) Please find further information in the picture below  2 comments  share  save  hide  report  78% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  level 1   5 points   ·    1 month ago  Nice ad retard.
"Hello everyone, We are looking for participants from the UK who have been diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder to take part in our paid research project - participants will be rewarded with Amazon vouchers :) Please find further information in the picture below  Close  16  Posted by  1 month ago  Hello everyone, We are looking for participants from the UK who have been diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder to take part in our paid research project - participants will be rewarded with Amazon vouchers :) Please find further information in the picture below  0 comments  share  save  hide  report  90% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  no comments yet
 Be the first to share what you think!"
"Hello there!
 I was not sure where to post information for this thread, but I recently had an epiphany of sorts and I wasn't sure what the best thing to do was.
 So I have been diagnosed with clinical depression for years (I think 15 now?) and I have learned many experiences while dealing with it. One of the biggest ones, was that people would always say to me ""You aren't alone."" Then, when I asked ""Ok, where is somebody else feeling the same things I am?"" I wouldn't get an answer.
 It was one of the hardest things I dealt with, and in my recent epiphany, I decided that I would like to offer help to people who are depressed.
 I have started a blog of sorts, and the whole point of the blog is that I, and others, have probably felt the exact same feelings you have been feeling.
 I was thinking about posting the blog on here for starters, but I wasn't sure. I am looking really to just help people understand themselves more. I can't save the world, but maybe I can help out a few downtrodden people.
 Thoughts?"
"Hello world!  Close  1  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Hello world!  So I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder(MDD). My sleep is shit -insomnia 3.  I'm homeless -I've been homeless for almost two years. Unemployed -over a year. On probation -for two years- and have a SCRAM on my ankle -for 90 days. I've been sleeping in a hammock out by a river since May. I don't own a cell phone, or car. I have a bicycle, though. I have to go to IOP, because I'm an alcoholic-criminal-trespasser/mischief/disturber-of-the-peace-and-resistor-of-arrest....
 Maybe I should of just went to jail. I don't really see the point of all of this. I go to IOP and it's ridiculously boring. They(courts/probation) have me going to these classes that are just so elementary it's... condescension taken to an unbelievable extreme.
 My problem is not ignorance so much as it is this terrible feeling inside of me that I can't seem to get rid of. It can make it difficult to breathe, to think, to function - and I can't control it.
 Sure, I am a terrible person, and even worse when I'm wasted, inebriated, blacked-out sh!t-faced and doing crazy stupidity. Even when I'm sober I'm still a lazy, unmotivated, leech/mooch, worthless human being.
 I can't even really get into it... some shit just has to be taken to my grave. It's not like I've killed anyone... but maybe there are worse things than death.
 So anyway. What do I do about this? I want to do something that matters. I want to 'fix/correct' myself. What's the answer? Don't give me some religious bullshit or Freudian malarkey. I need something tangible, objective, palpable, and realistic to get my head out of my own ass. To make amends to people I've wronged and, again, do something that matters.
 Any suggestions?"
"Hello!
 So I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and I’m currently on meds that I think are starting to work + I’m working with horses and I’m beginning to learn to live again.
 My best friend is the daughter of a pastor. She also lives on a ranch, but she has such a tender heart, every time an animal dies, she cries. Lately she’s been spacing out throughout the day, she wears a frown, and can’t seem to get herself out of her head; all symptoms I’m quite familiar with.
 She talks about how hopeless and worthless life all seems and it breaks my heart more than my depression ever could.
 I’ve been trying to keep her busy, and I’ll tell her jokes to try and cheer her up, but I know I’m just putting a bandaid on the real problem.
 She can’t visit a therapist, her parents don’t like them and insist on praying away problems.
 I know I can’t cure depression, but I’m not going to stop trying to help. I just want to know how to help her."
Hello, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and generalised anxiety disorder. I see things moving out of the corner of my eyes alot, sometimes it's in the shape of a human figure other times it's just black shapes it use to other happen every now and again but now it is happening everyday, multiple times a day and they freak me out. I was wondering if anyone else experiences these
"Hello, I've fallen and I can't get up  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Hello, I've fallen and I can't get up  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and ADHD. On top of that I've been faced with a number of personal tragedies and traumas over the past few years. Despite that (and partially due to this sub) I've been steadily improving my life over the past few months.
 I started working. I started exercising. I started meditating. I got medication. I got therapy. I developed a morning and evening routine that works for me. I started studying to move into a higher paying career. All good stuff!
 A little over a week ago I found out that a legal matter I thought I'd taken care of last year, wasn't settled. In fact, I owed a financially disastrous fine and had had warrants out for me for all of last year. I basically collapsed into panic and tears. I pulled myself together and went to court and talked to a judge and the DA the next day. The fine was decreased to a small fraction of what it had been, the warrants were recalled, and I have a new court date in three months. Yay! Problem solved!
 Except I've been struggling all week. All that mess knocked me down the first day, I decided to take the next day off after court to settle myself down. I haven't been able to re-establish my good habits since. I've only worked one day in the past week!
 It feels like all my hard won self discipline has drained away. I haven't had any actual zero days, but I also haven't had any days where I function nearly as well as I was before. I'm trying hard not to beat myself up over it, but I don't understand what's happened. It feels like I'm just barely managing to hang on to shreds of  what I was accomplishing before. I'm starting to feel frightened and desperate. I literally can't afford to lose this much ground.
 Any insight or advice?"
Hello, my name is Gita and I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Anxiety Disorder and Passive Suicidal Ideation. Mental illness is a life long battle and most cases need both medication and therapy to overcome it and to be functional. Although I've been struggling with depression since I was in high school, my condition only worsens as time goes by. My family didn't know about my mental condition until recently because I was afraid of their reaction. By the time I graduated high school, I went to a psychologist and received therapy. I was starting to feel better and I managed to get a stable job on my last year in university. After much persuasion from my psychologist, I opened up to my family about condition. It was a mistake. My family didn't believe me despite me being in tears. They told me that mental illness is nonsense and that it's just an excuse for me to be weak, to be lazy and to be a coward. After that, everything spiraled down and every progress I've made with my psychologist went down the drain. I resigned from my job after an incident related to my mental condition happened and I shut the world out. After two suicide attempts, I forced myself to go to a psychiatrist and got my diagnosis and medications. I was prescribed with Fluoxetine, Depakote ER and Clobazam and was suggested to keep going with my therapy as well. I was slowly getting better and was more productive. But since I have no job, I can't afford both my medications and my therapy anymore. I have no support either emotionally nor financially from my family and I have nothing valuable enough to sell. Things are starting to look bleak for me and I can feel that I'm slowly slipping back to my old destructive self. This is my last hope and I really wish you can help me. I need $100 every month for my treatments but I will be grateful for every donation no matter the amount. Thank you so much for your willingness to listen to my story and maybe for your help as well.
"Hello, please support me in receiving Ketamine treatments for my mental health (details inside).  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Hello, please support me in receiving Ketamine treatments for my mental health (details inside).  Hello, 
 My name is Ethan and I am looking to raise $5000+ to fund ketamine treatments for my mental and physical health. The treatments are $250+ each treatment out-of-pocket and there will likely be 15+ treatments. 
 I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Dysthymia, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety, PTSD, and chronic back pain.
 I have had anxiety for as long as I can remember. Even as a young child I was constantly scared and worried, often needing the comfort of others to perform tasks or do things like go to school. 
 My depression and dysthymia developed some time in my teens and has continued to worsen over the years. In 2018 I had the worst depressive episode I've ever had, leading to me losing my job and moving back in with my parents. This episode has not improved. More recently it has taken a turn for the worse as I have considered suicide as a more viable option. 
 I developed PTSD in my late teens/early twenties. As it involves very personal information I prefer not to talk about it. 
 My chronic back pain also developed in my teens. I have only found chiropractic therapy to help with it. However, I still experience pain every day.
 I have tried traditional psychotherapy, Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT), intensive outpatient programs (IOPs), and 6+ different antidepressant medications for my mental health. All of these have had little to no effect, sometimes even making the problem worse.
 I am desperate to try ketamine treatments as I have done a lot of research and have had a consultation about it with a medical doctor. I have found, and been told by a doctor, that I fit the description of a person who would benefit from it. In addition, as it works in a very different way from traditional medication, I am hopeful that it will have a long-term and more positive impact on me.
 I am so grateful for anything you can provide to help alleviate the financial burden this will cause. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
  https://www.gofundme.com/ketamine-treatments-for-mental-health"
"Hello,
 My name is Stephen, 20 years old from Scotland.
 I live in Scotland. The district of the City in which I live in is considered a ""Scottish Ghetto"" to the people who live here. I will tell you a bit about me. I like Swimming, Basketball, Politics, Religious Studies, Reading, Movies, TV Shows/Series, Xbox 360, etc...I am not much of a Productive individual when it comes to playing games all day or watching TV all day. I live in a flat with my Partner Jayde. I have bills to pay like everyone else, I have things on my plate every day just like everyone else. My passions are Campaigning, making a difference in this world, etc... I Campaign for Scottish Independence when it is on the Cities/Country's mind, Climate Change, any stuff that is attempting to get put through Parliament, etc...a few stuff. Now as a Political man, I know life can be difficult and to be quite honest with you all, I am glad that I was born in this generation so that I can be a part of the change that is to come in the world.
 However, putting the Political part of me aside, my life is difficult too. I always try to stay positive but at times, it is hard, at times I punch walls and scream and sometimes take a breakdown. I am unemployed, trying to find a job but that is difficult in these times. I have been diagnosed with Clinical Depression, Social Anxiety, and I can have seizures at times due to massive stress, and I have Asthma so getting fit is not exactly a huge option for me...
 My life can be hard, although, I get through it, there are challenges everyday and I still get through it but I have asked the question many times: ""Why can't life just be easy?."" My partner often answers that with: ""If there are no challenges in life then you don't change as you want."" and that often shuts me up. However, I have recently been saying to myself that: If there was a way to an easy life, then I would take it in an instant. I would have no challenges, no bad things in my life, just relax, and watch TV all day. But I debate myself on that now. Life is hard so that we, the people, the human race, can attempt to make life easier for others. Life is hard but amazing, but I have often wondered: Would others take the easy life if they could? I know about 75% of you will say: I would take the hard life over the easy life, but that is just my opinion, tell me, would you?"
"Hello. Recently, I have been having a shittier time than usual. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression since age twelve, along with a multitude of conflicting personality disorders. Despite these, I have always had a grip on reality, and I have always been perfectly cognizant of what I was feeling and thinking.
 Recently, however, I have been losing a focus on reality. I am spending more and more time in my head, and I am beginning to neglect everything that is actually occurring. I understand the problem in the situation, however, every single time I try to get out of my own head, everything happening sounds much louder, and other noises that aren't really there suddenly exist, and it drives me to panic attacks.
 My sleep patterns have been especially erratic, and medications do nothing useful; most of the time, they do more harm than good. It is incredibly frustrating to keep on trying to fix my brain, but not doing anything seems much too complacent.
 TL;DR just looking for someone to talk to so I don't have to keep talking my own head into insanity.
 I apologize if this is badly written or too abstract."
Hello. This is my first time posting here and I have been debating for the last day whether my post even deserves to be here. Maybe I am just being lazy, a baby, I should just grow up, no one cares...You know. All the things our sick brains tell us. So I take that as a sign that I should be posting and reaching out. I am 34 years old, a single mom of a beautiful son whom I split 50/50 with his father and we have a pretty decent relationship. I am a senior in college about to graduate in December (as long as I do not self sabotage). I work FT and also have a small PT job on the side. I bought my first home a year ago. I have so much to be thankful and proud of but I am so sad. So, so sad. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety and have been on the rotating carousel of meds to find what works for me for the last 15 years. I am currently taking a high does of Viibryd as well as an very small dose of Xanax for anxiety emergencies. Every single day worry takes over me that I am in some way damaging my son because of my anxiety/depression. I am not good enough to be his mom, he will grow up to resent me, and the worst...what if I have passed this on to him? I spent this last Memorial Day weekend in bed for 3 days because of those perfect timed depression/anxiety episodes. You know, they always find a way to swivel into my life and wreck havoc. I also drink alcohol, not every day, more like maybe 3x a month but I always over do it and I know that is a source for my anxiety as well, but I just want to escape sometimes, even if it is a false happiness. I know I need to stop that as well. I used to be so social and friendly and now I can't wait to just be home. Alone. I am sorry this is so long and the grammar is not perfect but I really needed to release something and I appreciate any one who takes the time to read this and maybe offer any suggestions on how to manage, especially other single parents, but all are welcome. I feel like I am worthless and just not good enough for anything or anyone, followed by the guilt that I should be able to deal with life like others. Thank you again. And also, I FUCKING hate this disease.
"Hello.
 I just recently turned 18 years old. I'm a female high school student, working on completing my 12th year. As of last year, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and generalized anxiety disorder; though I do believe I've experienced symptoms of both for as long as I can remember. I've been in therapy and taking medication for a little over a year now. Hooray.
 But I'm feeling something that scares me a little. Times when I'm left by myself, such as waking up in the morning or even just excusing myself to the bathroom, I seem to get overwhelmingly upset. I notice I breathe a little faster, I'm constantly telling myself to stop or slow down, and I just have the extreme urge to hurt myself or hit something. I feel disappointed in myself, I feel like I don't deserve to breathe. I feel like I should be better; almost like I'm getting upset because I'm upset, if that makes sense. When I'm left to myself, I seem to panic. Sometimes I shake my head to make the bad thoughts go away; the ones that tell me I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing or that I'm ugly or fat or stupid. I genuinely have episodes of ""no no no"" or ""stop, please stop"" running through my brain sometimes. Maybe focusing on those words helps me to shoo the bad thoughts away--I really couldn't tell you.
 It's quite upsetting, though. I've had these feelings in the past; I've punched walls and broken things before. But, and perhaps this is because its been so long since I've felt one of these episodes come over me, it seems like they've only become more intense. I've talked a little bit to my therapist about it, but even writing this I still feel like I'm not giving enough information. I don't know what else to say about it other than this; I have a terrible time getting my thoughts down onto paper or even forming the right words to match what I feel.
 I don't know what to call this, if it's an emotion I feel or if it's an underlying disorder related to my depression and anxiety. Is there anyone else that has these episodes of pure panic, or anything close to what I've described above?"
"Help. Please help.  Close  11  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Help. Please help.  I'm going to try to keep the drama (and length) of this post to a minimum.
 I was sexually abused as a child, and later in life repeatedly raped by the father of my child. My pregnancy almost killed me, and I have permanent disabilities as a result (epilepsy, primarily). In addition to the repeated rape, my son's father was incredibly abusive in a variety of other ways and could not/can not handle when I finally found the strength to leave him. I know I can't really ""prove"" it here, but my ex-fiance has made it his mission since I left him to punish me for leaving him.
 I am a good mother, and I have never done anything that would or should cost my custody of my son. But between my medical problems, financial problems, and a deeply conservative southern American court my ex has succeeded, piece by piece, in estranging me from my child. I can't see or talk to my son. And I know that would change if I could challenge him in court - but I don't have the funds to fight him (he is bankrolled by well-off parents, I am not). In addition - interaction with my ex terrifies me on an animal level. I have PTSD as a result of my relationship with him. And he knows it. I never feel strong enough to fight him anymore. Even for the sake of my son, and that fact alone makes me feel like worthless trash.
 I've been diagnosed with major depression since the sexual abuse when I was a child, and I've struggled with suicidal thoughts for 16 years.
 I've tried therapy more times than I can count. I've tried more anti-depressants than I can count. I've been hospitalized twice. None of it has ever helped. At all.
 I am so tired, guys. I am at a point where the only thoughts that calm me down enough to sleep are imagining my own death. I have suicide plans. The only thought that stops me is my son - he doesn't deserve to grow up knowing his mother killed herself.
 But I really don't know how much longer that sense of duty will sustain me. I hurt so much all the time. Every day, all day, I wish I were dead.
 All I want to do is take a bottle of sleeping pills with me on top of a tall building, let them kick in, and fall.
 Not even for my sake, but for the sake of my son - I'm trying to find the faintest reason to continue to exist. Anything.
 EDIT: I genuinely believe at this point that my ex is trying to drive me to suicide (he knows my struggles with suicidal depression). I don't know how to fight that kind of active malice. Malice with resources I don't have. I don't understand why he can't just let me go. It's been years since we were together. I just... don't understand."
"Hey everyone, I hope you are doing well. My name is Marci. I'm 20 years old and I work retail on the sales floor. Most days are okay and end without incident, but somedays (like today) some customers say mean things to me and treat me like I'm less than human. When I see my coworkers deal with this kind of behavior, they usually can just shrug it off.
 But not me. Usually I'll get very shakey, lose focus and struggle to hold back tears. I'll walk around the store and try to avoid customers as I try to recollect myself. Often, I find myself unable to stop thinking about the confrontation and I replay it over and over again in my head like a broken record. It's exhausting. Then I get home and cry until I can barely breathe.
 I feel it's worth mentioning that I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anxiety and recently, borderline personality disorder. However, I do have other coworkers who deal with depression and anxiety. They seem to be able to shrug it off like it's nothing. Laugh about it, even. Maybe it's just their defense to treat it like it never happened, but I can't help but feel like there is something I'm missing.
 Is there something I'm doing wrong? This can't be just me, can it? Does anyone have any suggestions of things I can do to make things hurt less in these scenarios?"
"Hey Everyone.
 I hope everyone is taking care of themselves here? I have been diagnosed with Clinical Depression and have been on Pristiq for about a week now. There doesn't seem to be alot of 'stuff' out there on the net about it, and almost anyone I've mentioned it to has never heard of it before.
 Just wondering what other people's expereinces have been like interms of side effects, and effectiveness?"
Hey guys, I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, recurrent episode, severe with anxious distress, and an alcohol-related mood disorder. (Basically Severe Depression and Anxiety) I've been combatting this fight with my brain for years now. These past 2 years is when I've really started seeking help because I realized I couldn't battle this illness on my own. Well, after 2 years of trying many different medications, dosages, and combinations I have yet to find something that actually helps. I've tried just about every medication under the sun. Currently, I am on the highest, legal, dosage of Wellbutrin and in the middle of phasing out the Zoloft and replacing it with Lexapro. Oh and I was given Ativan to take daily in the afternoon to help give me a boost (even though it's a sedative?) This is costing me roughly $500 per month. Well, I'm getting to the point that everything is pointless, nothing is working, and there isn't much hope for any other medications. I've recently qualified for Ketamine Infusions. It's a rather new way of combating depression, I believe it was just approved by the FDA this past March - yet my insurance will not cover it. From what it sounds like and from the way it's worked with other severely depressed patients, I kind of have some hope that maybe this will work, maybe this will be the solution I've been looking for to help boost me back up so I may continue on with my life. The biggest downfall of these infusions are they cost anywhere from $500-$2000 per session. On top of that, the patient typically goes through 4-8 infusions for the first month. After the first month of 4-8, depending on the reaction it causes to the body the weekly/biweekly dosages will be determined. Being a broke 21-year-old who was "medically suspended" from college I really don't know what to do anymore. Any donations will be GREATLY appreciated. I hate asking for money, especially from strangers, I just feel so gross doing this but I feel like I have to. Thank you -Anonymous: I'm too embarassed to have anyone find out about my condition, especially in this much detail.
"Hey guys, so this happened earlier today and I am still in shock because of it. I am a 17yo Male, diagnosed with clinical depression, and i've been dating my girlfriend now for just over a year and a half. She is the most loyal and sweet girl you will ever meet, and I love her very much, which makes sharing this story incredibly difficult for me.
 Earlier today we were chatting on FaceTime, having a normal conversation as usual and I bring up a friend of mine, who happens to be my age and a rapper who has gained his fair share of local fame in my area. I brought up his name and she proceeded to say (and I wish I was making this up) ""Oh, ___? I know him! God he's so fucking hot."" I literally froze for a few seconds to process what she just said, she's never said anything like this before. I asked her to repeat herself, thinking that I possibly just misheard what she said. She replied again ""I said ___ is so hot, we (meaning her and her friends) all dream of fucking him one day."" I was in total disbelief, I thought to myself ""did she really just say that? She's never acted like this before."" I just stayed silent for the next few moments and she's asking me ""why aren't you talking? What's wrong?"" As a teardrop began to fall from my eye, I stuttered and said ""what do you mean by that?"" (I only stutter when I am super nervous or extremely sad). She replied with ""I find him very attractive"" as if nothing she is saying is wrong. I was literally out of words, hiding my face from the camera and continuing to stay quiet, and just after she said ""I guess you don't want to talk right now for whatever reason"" I stuttered and said with a crackling voice ""what about us?"" She replied with ""what do you mean? Nothings changed with us. What's wrong with you?"" I ended the call without saying anything, proceeded to lay there staring at my ceiling while crying, and having a million thoughts race through my head. (For those of you wondering, yes some were suicidal too, as I have a suicidal history) I layed low for a few hours, tried playing video games and watching Youtube videos to try to take my mind off it, but the scenario kept playing over and over in my head and I could not bare taking it anymore. I go on my phone and saw that she had spammed me messages like ""are you okay??"" ""Why aren't you answering me?"" ""Did I do something?"" ""Please text me I am getting worried"" I simply reply with ""you seriously cannot figure out what you did wrong?"" I have not answered her since, I've been too busy crying and trying to channel my suicidal/negative thoughts into other outlets, which is what brought me to typing this very story here on this subreddit.
 As I mentioned before, I am diagnosed with clinical depression and suffer from very low self esteem. Throughout the many years we've been friends and the year and a half we've been dating she has helped me with my self esteem, but after this scenario it sent me spiraling into a deep rabbit hole, and I feel its getting deeper by the minute now.
 She has never ever done such a thing before, and usually has common sense when it comes to these things, which is still shocking me as she somehow does not see what she said was wrong, while clearly saying what she said when I asked her to repeat herself and all that.
 I need help reddit, im in desperate need for help for my own sanity. How do I approach this situation? Does this mean she lost her feelings? Have I possibly over reacted / over thought? Is this type of behavior normal? Am I in the wrong for thinking this way?"
"Hey, as the title suggests I'm in the odd predicament where I have the privilege of money in the bank without debt, but I don't know where to take this opportunity.
 As for background, my immediate family is not very well off, but my grandparents are. They provide my family with financial help when they think that we are deserving of it (which is not often). I performed very well in highschool and when it came to apply to colleges I got a decent amount of scholarship money, then they paid the rest of tuition/board.
 I didn't know what I wanted to do in college, so I changed my major several times, and I ended up getting a BA in Communication Studies within 3 years, with the intention of going into the fields of Marketing or Journalism. After college I did a couple of Marketing internships (doing SEO, Presentation Writing, etc). I was offered starting positions in several companies, but declined them because I hated the internship experiences. I also became rather pessimistic about the current state of Journalism, and never pursued it.
 After that I didn't know what to do, so I took a local retail job. I was promoted to assistant manager in about a month, and I've since worked there for about a year and a half. I hate the job but the pay is ok. I've worked several retail jobs before this and I don't want to anymore.
 My grandparents often tell me that they're willing to fully pay for me to get a Master's or even a Doctorate degree should I pursue that. I'd love to go back to school, but I don't want to unless I'm headed towards a definite career path that will require said degree.
 I have no idea what I want to do with my life. The arts, specifically music, books, music and theater are the most important things to me, but I cannot confidently find a career path that involves those things.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety disorder, and I quit medication altogether about a year ago after I couldn't deal with going through different prescription drugs.
 I currently live with my family but I don't have a good home life and I desperately want to move out. I would need to move at least 50 miles away to be in an area with affordable rent. It seems there are little entry-level job opportunities in my area other than retail and social work/healthcare, which I don't want to pursue.
 Where do I from here? I understand that I am in a rather privileged position and I by no means want to gloat about that. It's weird and I'm lucky and I don't know what to make of it all. Do I pursue school? Do I move far away and try to find work elsewhere?
 I guess I'm just looking for advice/perspective."
"Hey, doctors of Reddit.
 I'm having some stomach issues lately, so here's the story.
 I'm a 20 year old female living in Midwest America.  I'm about 120 pounds (or, I'm supposed to be, but we'll get to that) and 5'8"", caucasian.  On Halloween, I got pretty drunk and was very sick.  Afterwards, I noticed I was often nauseous and didn't feel like eating.  I assumed it would go away, but here I am almost a month later.  I rarely feel like eating.  Sometimes I get ridiculously hungry, but as soon as I start to eat I lose my appetite.
 I thought maybe I was having a recurrence of anemia and started taking iron supplements again, but that didn't help.
 Other relevant health info: I am diagnosed with clinical depression and have been taking Lexapro for about two years now.  Additionally, my best friend recently died (not sure if this could be stress-related so I thought I'd include it).  Trying to take ibuprofen only made my nausea worse.  I've also been having headaches more frequently.
 Can anyone help me at all?  Any suggestions?
 Edit: I forgot to mention an incident from about a week ago.  I was having sharp stabbing pain in my lower back/groin area.  I ended up at the Health Center in my university, where they ran some tests.  They found some blood in my urine, but only a minuscule amount, which they said not to worry about.  They said most likely it would end up being kidney stones, but the pain hasn't returned.  In the past, I've had similar pain when ovulating, but this was a little early for me to be ovulating and the pain was relatively lower than it usually is."
Hey, I need some advice...(Dominatrix)  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Hey, I need some advice...(Dominatrix)  I'm really new to the whole bdsm thing and trying to spice things up with my sub. I also am diagnosed with major depression and anxiety and sometimes don't always have energy to try new things and now I'm "boring." I'm not sure if this is the right thread, but if I could have some advice, I would really appreciate it. We have cuffs, a couple of toys, rope, and he enjoys being slapped/spanked. Idk. I don't know anymore. Idk.
Hi all, I just started this group. I moved to a new city 3 years with no one I knew there. I've always had alcohol issues dealing with a toxic family growing up. But I was diagnosed with major depression in 2013, the year I moved to the new city. I have used alcohol almost every day since then. I've done some crazy and stupid things. I don't open up to my family or friends much, bc they can only understand so much. My support system has grown, I started BDT therapy, and just started studying. It felt great. But I'm something will happen, or it will be a long day at work and I'll go home and drink. No social outlets, I isolate myself still. I do good for a day or two then back at it, and I beat myself up about to point of throwing up bc it makes me that sick to my stomach. Anyways, I feel better talking about this openly. Happy thoughts to all of you.
"Hi all,
  
 I've recently begun taking Lexapro after vehemently avoiding them for my entire life. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and a few months ago, I was experiencing what felt like the absolute worst of the worst. For the first time, I had my first psychiatric hospitalization for having a specific suicide plan. Before I got to the point of trying medication, I feel like I have tried everything I can (within the limits of the amount of motivation and energy I had) like clean diet (vegan for 3+ years), exercise, therapy (4+ years), and herbs (5 HTP, St. Johns Wort, Adaptogenic Blends, B-complex, etc).
 It almost pains me to say that lexapro is the only thing so far that has offered me relief! Like, I have motivation again! I was absolutely TERRIFIED to try them because of the side effects, sketchy ingredients, sketchy pharma... just everything. I am currently in nursing school and would like to become an ND myself someday, but this whole experience is throwing me a curveball. Could it be that SSRIs DO work for those brains that are genetically predisposed to depression/anxiety? Both of my parents have these conditions.
  
 I am still against the over-prescription of antidepressants and would like to get off of them as soon as possible, but jeez, I feel human again. I'm almost scared to stop taking them. I really don't remember the last time I felt so close to normal, good, baseline. Still, I have so much trouble accepting the fact that I am using meds right now because it scares me ~so much~, especially since my 19 y/o brain is still developing. I wish I could experience these same effects with something more ""natural.""
  
 Maybe it just takes more of an effort on my end to combine herbs, vitamins, exercise, and clean diet CONSISTENTLY, every day, to notice an effect like this, but now is the first time I even feel able to try.
  
 Thank you to whomever reads this, and I wish you all well. <3"
"Hi everybody, First post on reddit but idk who to talk to just wanted to feel welcome. Anyway, my story;
 I am a 22yr old male, my birthday is coming up early July. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression on and off for over 5 years and just recently (the last month or so) have looked for help.
 Last year i felt stuck and hated where i was at and i was not happy. I all of a sudden quit my job to move 300 miles away to help my sister with her insurance sales business. I lived by her about 50 minutes away from where we worked. I lived by myself, i was in a new place and had no friends, i had no money, i spent about $300 a month driving to work and back, and i hated my job because of the constant rejection in sales. I felt so alone and hated myself so badly. I constantly thought about suicide and driving off a cliff or getting into a car accident. I was in a really dark place.
 I finally had enough and moved back home with my girlfriend of 7 years and things were amazing. I just proposed to her 2 months ago! Well my depression rose again and hard. I had no motivation do do anything and everything that made me happy did not anymore. I became distant. I looked for help last month and started counseling and thinks were looking better. Last week my fiance had enough and said i wasnt being a lover to her and that there was no romance or intimacy... she left me. The same day i had a psychiatrist appt to start medication for the first time in my life. A long dedicating process of trying to find what medicine will actually help me. So now i am dealing with my heart being ripped out by the love of my life (i am still madly in love with her and want her back), she was the one person i could collapse into when things got hard. My heart has been beating so fast non stop for 3 days.
 I am constantly paranoid about her having a new boyfriend or moving on and forgetting about me. I have horrible anxiety and mood swings. I have periods where i accept everything and have high hopes of us getting back together followed by periods where i fucking hate her guts. I feel nauseous all the time, i dont eat, and i dont sleep. I hate myself and i am trying to fight so hard and its difficult because i cant tell if im responding to my breakup or the medication is making me feel terrible. Oh on top of this, i cannot afford rent and need to move back into my parents house by the end of july. Rent is too expensive anywhere in my area to live.
 I dont know what to do anymore and i have friends i talk to but of course they are biased. I need help.
 Thank you if you have read all this, i know it it is super long but i needed to let it out."
hi everyone, i just wanted to take a minute and tell you all that today marks 5 years since i have been diagnosed with clinical depression. every day is still a struggle, but i am finally starting to see that my efforts to be happy are an uphill battle. to anyone out there struggling out there, just know that you  are   loved,   appreciated,  and that there  is  a light at the end of the tunnel. it has taken me more than 5 years to realize this. sending love to you all, thank you for listening <3
"Hi everyone,
 As you can probably infer from the title, I was recently given a diagnosis with OCD. This was very unexpected, as I never associated what I now know to be my obsessions or compulsions with OCD due to my lack of understanding as to what the illness really was- it didnt help that every medical professional I tried to explain what I now know to be obsessive thoughts and complusions brushed me off and gave me increasingly stronger sedative drugs to take when it got too much for my daily medication wasn't enough (previously I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and ""potentially"" also generalised anxiety as a more minor thing which I was taking antidepressants for).
 Initially, found it shocking, unexpected and was even dismissive of the psychologists diagnosis (due to my thinking that OCD had single obsessions and resulted in physical compulsions only rather than mental ones also. However the more I looked into it the more I realised how well it described what I have been experiencing for most of my life. It's such a relief, being able to easily articulate my experience with anxiety and being able to start a treatment plan that will help me deal with living with OCD.
 Overall, I am incredibly happy and relieved that I have been diagnosed, it feels amazing to have my experience validated and treated seriously by others, though I understand that the treatment process can be very very slow and uncomfortable to go through. It also gives me optimism that one day I will be able to not be ruled by my obsessions and compulsions and do such simple things such as touch my fingers and not feel the intense repetitive urge to snap them off.
 How did it feel for you when you received your diagnosis? How old were you? Have you found treatment plans effective? Any speedbumps you think I should be aware of?"
Hi everyone. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and severe anxiety. I cant go in a car for 5 minutes without a panic attack, and am always convinced I am dying. Embarrassingly er 51 times this year. I just feel done I have had like two breakdowns and feel like I wont survive the 3rd. I feel hopeless. I just got started on fluoxetine(prozac) and just feel miserable every bit of my body hurts and my muscles wont stop spasming. I just feel overalls cofuused also lately that everythign makes me want to go mad. I feel like I'm loosing my mind and nothing seems real. I have a family that supports me but that doesnt feel like enough and I know it should. Please tell i wont end up with another break down, I'm afraid that I might get so mad I kill myself. I told psych that. But they think a hospital setting is bad for me because I'm just so broken. Has anyone ever came back form this? Tips please, I feel hopeless. And so so sick of life.
Hi everyone. Posted this a few days ago, sorry just really need different opinions.. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and severe anxiety. I cant do in a car for 5 minutes without a panic attack, and am always convinced I am dying. Embarrassingly er 51 times this year. I just feel done I have had like two breakdowns and feel like I wont survive the 3rd. I feel hopeless. I just got started on fluoxetine(prozac) and just feel miserable every bit of my body hurts and my muscles wont stop spasming. I just feel overalls cofuused also lately that everythign makes me want to go mad. I feel like I'm loosing my mind and nothing seems real. I have a family that supports me but that doesnt feel like enough and I know it should. Please tell i wont end up with another break down, I'm afraid that I might get so mad I kill myself. I told psych that. But they think a hospital setting is bad for me because I'm just so broken. Has anyone ever came back form this? Tips please, I feel hopeless. And so so sick of life.
"Hi guys,
 I’m not sure how to start this but I’ve been thinking about this for a while now. Sometimes people tell me about how they have had acute depression just to tell me how they overcame it and how good they feel now. I don’t want to obnoxious or self centered but I have been diagnosed with clinical depression when I was a child and it never really went by. My doctor told me all my meds do is make the symptoms go away but that I probably have to deal with it my whole life. I don’t know how it took me so long but I just got that. I will have it for the rest of my life. My s/o and my sister have to deal with it. I don’t know how I just recognized that.
 The point is, I’m fine right now. I know how to deal with shit. I’m off my meds so I have a few symptoms but I still go out nearly ever day. It’s not a major depressed phase. I regularly talk to people. I’m working two jobs while going to university. I’m completely okay. But I still have physical pain when every time I’m doing something that isn’t lying in my bed. (Man, does that even make sense?
 I’ve always known before a really bad phase started. And I’m so scared that before I get my meds in October, I will be a fucking piece of shit again, that does exactly nothing.
 I don’t know what the conclusion of this is, but thank you for reading it. I just wanted to share my thoughts"
"Hi guys... Lately, I've been feeling numb, like I am actually dead inside. I've been trying to do thing I like, like being with my cat, watching trash tv for a quick laugh, cooking... nothing fulfilled that void in my chest. I feel I could stab myself and feel absolutely nothing. I come from a self harming past, and I am fighting the urge to do it and feel something, anything. I feel nothing but at the same time overwhelmed.
 How do you cope with that void inside you?
 I am diagnosed with clinical depression, take meds and do my ""homework"" to feel at least normal."
Hi people :) This is my first post, so I'm just gonna say that I will be discussing suicide, if that will trigger anyone. I'm 23 years old and I have been mentally ill for some time now. Can't remember when it started, but I've been feeling unwell since I was a child and was diagnosed with OCD when I was 14-15. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Borderline PD, Generalized Anxiety and Panic disorder and I'm also bulimic. I've been to approximately 10 therapists in my life, I've taken almost all the medications you can think of (I actually have a list), I've tried acupuncture, hypnosis, meditation, sophrology, I've been hospitalized three times, I've obviously tried exercizing/just going on walks, I've traveled, I've moved to two different countries, I've studied and changed my looks and environment, I adopted a cat, I've been a volunteer... I've really tried it all. I do everything my psychologist or doctor tells me to do. I write stuff down and try to open up, but I just don't get anything out of going to therapy. It has never benefited me in any way, yet I have tried and tried and tried for almost a decade now. I've stayed with some therapists for 1-2 years and some I've only had during hospital stays, yet I am not able to say that I have gained anything out of any therapy session. I am always honest and open and I never lie, but it just doesn't feel right... can't explain it. It feels like I'm being buried alive by my emptiness. Sometimes I have bursts of sadness and utter despair and I cry or I have periods where I cry a lot and then I go back to feeling empty for a couple of weeks. The periods of emptiness used to last a lot longer, but lately I've been feeling sadder and sadder. I've been seriously thinking about suicide since February. I have the means to do it. I am trying to mentally prepare myself for dying, but everyday I feel bad for my parents, my sister and my real friends. I don't want to want to die (if that makes sense), but I feel like I don't have any other choices. I will get my bachelor's degree in about three weeks and I really cannot see a future. I really am unloveable, and if you knew me you would agree. People who claim they love me only do so because I've been in their lives for a long period of time and they're kinda obligated to say so. My parents and family can't say anything else. I am ugly and I am fat and no one is interested in me - romantically or platonically. I am unable to make friends because I am so closed of, but yet I keep smiling and I read self help books and articles online every day and they keep saying that you have to change the way you speak so when people ask me how I'm doing I always answer "fantastic!", you know... cause apparantly that's supposed to do something to your mind, but it doesn't to me. And I've been trying to look myself in the mirror and talk to myself for over a year now and tell myself that I'm beautiful and that one day I'll be happy and so on and so forth, but for each day that passes it just feels more and more futile. I keep watching those Ted talks and motivational speeches even though they can be kinda cringeworthy, but I just don't feel it in my heart. I just feel like I have tried everything. Now I'm just giving up and I'm googling stuff about how much medication I need to take and trying to find a place to do it, as I'm in another country right now and if I die here my parents will have to transport me back to my country of origin and I can't make them pay for that. But I just feel so guilty. I thought that letting myself think about this without suppressing my thoughts would make me feel more free, but I feel so guilty, especially towards my parents. And I told my mom (over text) that I was fine and that I was out eating a sandwich when I was really sitting in my room crying a couple of hours ago and I feel bad about that too. And now I feel so juvenile and like one of those "emo kids" (nothing wrong with being emo, btw) and I'm disgusted with myself, but I really don't have anyone to talk to and I feel really lost and I didn't go to class today and I've been crying all day... If you have anything to say to me or if you've been in a similar situation, I would really appreciate your input :) thanks
Hi to all who are/were depressed, i have been diagnosed with clinical depression for a year now, but i live abroad and away from my family and friends. I have been alone for 18 years i tried to make 2 relationships work with no sucsess. I guess my mixed culture is the cause, but I don't know anymore. I have sunk away in black hole, where being alone is the most excruciating experience but being with other people is exacly the same. I can't call my family anymore cause im always depressed and have no happyness to share and they are also tired of my always beeing sad, so are my close friends. I want to be with them and talk to them but i feel like a ghost when i am. Its like they live in another dimension. They blame me for distansing myself but internally blame them for not understanding is so fucking hard to be around happy people. Its like i'm a man made out of paper and my family and friends are all made of fire. And they don't get it. I really want to return to my former self. Please give me you experience maybe i can learn from them.
"hi, I am 22 [M] and I don't really know where I should post this but I need to get it of my chest even when I know it is something preti dumb. So I never have a girlfriend, I have dated with some girls but nothing happened at the end. I always wanted to have someone special in my life that  sees me in the same way, this always have been something that I wished for but I didnt really cared if it hapened or not; until the last few months, lately I have been feeling extremely lonely even when I have my family and my friends always supporting me, but I can't help feeling this way.
 So the last night I was Playing a game called Stardew Valley a game where you have a farm that you make grown with time and effort but you also have the option to interact with some character from a nearby town and even you can chose one to marry with. I was playing with a character that I have called with my real name and in the game I have married one of the characters; in one of the romance scenes that you unlock later in the game my character (whit my name) got hurt and his wife starting saying things like ""[My name here] I wouldn't know what to do if something happens to you"" and ""[My name here]... I love you"" well I know this is very stupid but just seeing my character wife say things to his to my name make me start crying I don't really know why, maybe because I feel that something like that is missing in my life, or because I read something that I always wanted someone to tell me but the point is that this make me realise how lonely am i'm feeling and actually make my depression come back (I am diagnosed with clinical depression but I have been doing really well until now) I don't really know what to do with this feeling to the point that today I haven't been able to focus in my midterm exams from university.
 Thanks for anyone who read this and sorry for my terrible grammar I am not a native english speaker and I dont use to write long thing like this."
"Hi, I’m 28 years old, female. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression around June of 2017. Though, I have always been dealing with anxiety and depression after I graduated college. It was just last year, when I been in a complete anxiety mess and in my most depressive state. I’ve also experienced depersonalization and derealization. I was in antidepressant for 6mos, but I’m already out of med for 10 mos now.
 I still feel depress and anxious from time to time. And lately, I’ve been having fears that I might develop schizophrenia since I have history of depression and anxiety. This fear started when I saw a news document about mental illness—and that, the person who was suffering from schizophrenia who was once dealt with depression and it made me really scared. I feel like I will end up like that in the future. I refuse or avoid anything that has something to do with anxiety or depression because it actually make me feel anxious and cause panic attack. Even hearing bout the word “Schizophrenia” scares the shit out of me. :( I’m really scared."
"Hi, I'm (23F) a final year student in university. I find myself extremely happy with 10 hours of sleep per night. I arrived at this conclusion by keeping a sleep log a few years ago.
 Thanks to a reduced course workload, I am able to do so, but I'm worried about how to sustain this in the future when I begin my career. During my internships, 6-8h of sleep is enough to get me through the work week, but I will be completely wasted during the weekends (will only be functional for about 12h out of 48h). This is unacceptable to me, because my personal life took a serious hit during that time.
 Previously, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and PDNOS but I have stopped all medication for over 2 years now. I have also tried modafinil before and it worked well with minimal side effects. On the other hand, I am extremely sensitive to coffee (stomach problems and feeling jittery after 1 serving), so taking caffeine is not an option for me.
 The best case scenario is that I am able to transition into work life while accommodating my need for sleep.
 My main concern now is: is it possible to structure my very limited waking hours in order to accommodate these into my week?
   A normal office work week in my country (50h + 10h commute)
   Enough time to take care of my mental health (ie. about 25h/week for eating, hygiene, exercise)
   At least 14h/week for personal relationships
   Minimally 30mins of relaxation every day
   If the above is not possible, I am very tempted to take modafinil on a long term basis, because the only alternative that I can see is to severely limit my earning capability (50% of normal pay with little opportunity for progression) in order to reduce my working hours. Please tell my any idea you may have to work around my sleep needs. Thank you in advance!"
"Hi, im 20, female, approx weight is about 150lb and approx height is about 5'5. im not on any current medication. im not a smoker. I might be pre diabetic (because of family history) but I have never been diagnosed. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression.
 I have a weird rash on my inner thigh(just on the right one) and breasts(more on the left one) for about a week now. At first I thought it was just chafing but yesterday it started oozing clear liquid. it doesn't itch that much but the rash on my inner thigh can be painful when I walk. I don't know what to do. im not on any medication (I just quit taking my antidepressants if that's relevant).I don't live in an extremely hot climate. I haven't been sexually active and im not pregnant. its hard to go to the doctor because of the virus so im stuck at home.
 I wanted to add pictures but its not letting me :/
 I hope someone can help me out. its pretty urgent.
 Thank you so much"
"Hi, I'm new.  Close  1  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Hi, I'm new.  I've never tried talking online to people before, but I need to give it a shot. I tried to talk to others but they all broke away from me, including friends and family. The family was a while ago though.
 Anyway I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I also have a severe fear of abandonment due to my dad dying and friends using me and abandoning me for the last 7-ish years. My new friends in University don't talk to me anymore and I've been getting really bad again. My mom doesn't listen anymore and expects me to finish in the next year and a half when it's physically impossible as I would have to have 20 credit hours those three semesters with lots of classes in the summer. She also wants me to get a job to pay for food and gives me an allowance of $9 a day for food and drinks. I limit my eating so I can pay for the medicine my psychiatrist prescribes me.
 I don't have support I don't pay for anymore, so I guess that's why I decided to reach out on here. For support.
 (sorry for this lengthy basic bio)"
Hi, My name is Grace and recently I’ve been going through absolute hell when it comes to my mental health. I’ve been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder for 4 years, but in the past 6 months, I have had extreme anxiety and both manic and psychotic episodes. About a month ago I had an extremely terrifying psychosis episode every day for two weeks straight, and I am still struggling to get back to a decent mental state. The very last episode that I had was the worst thing I have ever experienced. It started while I was with my entire family in a crowded grocery store, and I would look at someone and then look again and they would be gone, so I wandered around the store not knowing who was real. I saw a lady inject herself with heroin in the bathroom, and on the car ride home I saw the car start to be surrounded by demons (which had been a part of every one of my episodes) and I heard them telling me to kill myself and then felt one enter my body and almost passed out. There were so many other things that I experienced that night, such as seeing things waiting to hurt me outside the car when we got home, and being in my parent’s room and seeing and even feeling spiders all over me. It was like having the worst nightmare you could imagine but in real life.  All of the episodes were bad, but this episode changed me as a person, and ever since then, I have been extremely depressed. My parents have done nothing to get me help, even though I have begged them to find me a psychiatrist in order to treat my symptoms. They believe that they can handle it themselves, and it is extremely frustrating (during the last episode I had I begged them to take me to the hospital but they didn’t because they thought they had it under control). I have tried to talk to them about how all of this makes me feel multiple times, but they don’t really listen, and I think deep down they want to just ignore it because they don’t want to acknowledge that there is something really wrong going on with me. Anyways, the reason why I am writing this is that I have decided that if they are not going to take action then I will, because I don’t know what will happen if I can’t get help. I am trying to raise money in order to check myself into an inpatient mental health facility because they will have psychiatrists and therapists there that are able to see me right away and treat my symptoms. Mental hospitals are very expensive, and I don’t have any money at the moment. I am looking for a job and trying to do things such as sell old clothes on eBay in order to make money, but my mental health is terrible right now and it’s going to be really hard to get through it without treatment. If anyone would like to donate even just $1 in order to help out, I would appreciate it so so much. Once I am in a stable headspace and can get a job I will make sure that I pay everyone who has donated back. I honestly feel kind of pathetic begging for money online, but I really have no idea what else to do anymore. Thank you for taking the time to read this, it means a lot.
Hi, my name is Jim and i've been finding my mind a weird place to live for years now. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, severe alcoholism and flagged for institutionalisation for suicidal ideation, though i wasn't actually locked up in that instance, I was let free on my own recognisance, though i have episodes of serious self harm. I would never harm another thinking being and I usually am my own worst enemy. I find it hard to talk to people I know about just how "crazy" i can feel inside, and so I thought i would seek out a sphere of people on the Internet who could possibly relate to myself, and who perhaps I could help in turn with my own experiences. I'm a bit of a hippy as I was raised by a Buddhist family, and I just wish everyone the most peaceful existence with the least suffering possible. I'm interested in speaking to people who have been through the struggles of severe alcoholism, for tips, and in sharing my own tips for dealing with depression. I hope this is a nice forum. Lovely to meet you all, Jimble
Hi, this is my first time using reddit so sorry if I do anything wrong. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and take medication for it, for around a year now. I'm better but not completely. Lately I've had no passion for any of my hobbies, photography, guitar, music, video games, cooking, and while I still do one or two of them I'm been lazing around the house, bored and numb. The thing is I have medication and I've gotten 'help' but I don't know what to do anymore. Help?
"Hi,
 Background:
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression 2yrs ago. I was prescribed antidepressants as a course of treatment. I didn't have cognitive behavioral therapy sessions as it's my psychiatrist decision. I, however, had appointments every two weeks or so with them to monitor my condition. I could also contact them outside the normal appointment dates if something arises. I was improving despite some falls here and there and I was feeling much better. Eventually and gradually I was taken off the medications and that was that.
 Fast forward to now:
 Everything in my life is going great. I have beautiful loving family and things are great. However, I can't shake this feeling of emptiness in me. There's nothing wrong I can put my finger on it. I know everyone have ups and downs and it's normal. But, those feelings have been persistent for a while now. At start, I kept trying to shake them off and try to have a more positive attitude and mentality. However as of lately, I feel like I'm struggling to keep that up. Every night I lay in my bed at the end of the day I feel burdened. I feel I'm fooling everyone around me and putting on a facade by pretending to be fine. I feel guilty and I'm scared. I don't want to go back to where I was. It took me every ounce of power I have to recover I don't want to go back. I don't know what to do. I don't want to tell my family because I don't want them to worry. I can't keep pretending to be ok. It's getting harder, and I feel helpless.
 Thank you for your time and for any help or insight in advance.
 Much love and appreciation"
"Hi,
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression for around 2 years. Last year, after some suicidal ideation, I started taking escitalopram which has worked wonders.
 I still have some low lows but I bounce back a lot faster too.
 One thing that does happen, and which I wanted to ask if anyone else has this, is sometimes I find myself feeling a bit low but also this feeling like I’m about to burst out of my own skin. Like I’m full of energy and just want to run or scream or punch a wall or something to expel it. But at the same time, if I do exercise or anything it still lingers around.
 It’s a like a massive caffeine buzz without the caffeine.
 Is this something anyone else has had? How do you deal with it? Do I need to go back to my doctor?
 Thanks"
"Hi. I'm L, and I'm 17. I am a straight A student, and a senior in high school. I'm in the top 10% of my class, and I can play several instruments. I have been diagnosed with Clinical Depression, Anxiety, general ""Mood Disorders"" (don't ask me the doctors literally just told me that) and I'm on the radar for Schizophrenia. Every day is a struggle to get up, and to keep going. I kept going because I had a best friend who helped me for the past three years, but he recently left me because he no longer wanted to help me. I know this is general and vague, but as many of you know, there's always more to the story, but the general idea is: I'm done. I have lost everything, my friends, my mom, my dad hates me (he's emotionally abusive--I've tried to get help and no one has helped, I've fought against the abuse and it gets worse every time) and my sisters make it worse. I have given up my fight, I have no future. There is no reason for me to live, and frankly I doubt if anyone truly would miss me. But I have compiled a list for everyone on Suicide Watch on why you SHOULDN'T commit suicide like me. I only hope that someone sees it and it helps someone, hopefully then my life won't be completely wasted. Why you should keep fighting:
   Every day you keep going, is another day you add later on to your story. You get to brag about how long you battled and how you survived. I give you permission to say you're stronger than me, I know you are.
   I promise you, it truly is only temporary. I've fought my battle for my entire life, 17 years of nothing but sadness, regret, anger, and worthlessness. If you can compare to that then you understand. I understand you're upset, but it can only get better.
   You can buy a lokai bracelet. It helped me for a while, I don't know why, but the message (regardless of how cheesy) was a constant reminder to keep fighting. Find your little reminder.
   You have a talent somewhere, you know it. Find it (if you haven't already) and work the hell out of it. Do something amazing, even if it is just for yourself.
   If you can stay, you get to see the sunrise and sunset. It's one of the most amazing things if you think about it. If anything happened to the sun, we'd all be toast.
   You are so beautiful you don't know. I fail to see it in myself, but that's because I see the beauty in everyone else more than myself. There is nothing wrong with you, you are perfect. I wish I could see it about myself.
   Dippin' Dots are reason for anyone to stay.
   Puppies. All the puppies. (Or kittens if that's your fancy)
   A bunch of really cool movies are coming out this year, you should see them. I wanted to catch a few but you'll have to eat some popcorn for me.
   You will get a chance at love. If you haven't already, it is the most wonderful thing to ever have. I was the happiest for a while when I was in love. I still am. I doubt I'll ever stop loving him. But, love is a two way street. When it is, it is amazing. I promise you, when you get that, your time will fly by and you will be happy. Wait for that one love, trust me.
   Ben and Jerry's Cherry Garcia. (Or any Ben and Jerry's to be honest)
   Getting a job, even if it's part time. It makes you feel productive and needed, it helps to pass time and yeah it is work but at least you aren't doing nothing. And last but not least,
   For me. Try once more for me. If I know someone saw this, I can die somewhat happily and peacefully. Please understand that I have made up my mind. I haven't set a date yet but I will soon. I can't do it yet because there's a birthday soon and I don't want to ruin their birthday. Not that they would care or notice. Thank you all for listening, even if no one reads this, I'll still feel like I was worth something at least once. Much Love, -L. EDIT: In case anyone was wondering, I've set a date.
  16 comments  share  save  hide  report  75% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   Comment deleted by user   5 years ago  level 2    Original Poster   1 point   ·    5 years ago  Thank you, but playing a few instruments isn't impressive. It's something, but it's nothing to write home about. I offer nothing to the world more than just another space wasted."
"Hi. This is a throwaway because I think my husband may follow this sub. Anyway, I'll get straight to the point and try to keep this short.
 My husband and I have been together 7 years, and married for 2. Things were always great. We get along great and rarely ever argue.. We're pretty much each others best friend. At one point I could never picture my life with out him. Although, the passed.. 1 1/2 years or so, things have changed.
 I have never been an extremely sexual person, so I can say with confidence I'm the LL in our relationship. I show love and affection through actions and spending time with someone, not through a lot of physical touch. My husband on the other hand is very physical and I wouldn't say his sex drive is through the roof but he definitely wants it more than I do.
 I have tried everything, from talking with him about it (multiple times) to having sex even when I feel that I don't ""want it"" at that time to try to get my body started before my mind, if that makes sense. I've  tried to explain that I  do  still love him, I just don't want sex as much as he does... I've read through this sub before and have tried most, if not all, of the things that have been suggested to others here. It's always not enough, or not the ""right way"", or the way he wants it..
 The night before last, we had probably our biggest argument to date about these issues. It ended up with him saying that if we had sex so much when we first got together, there is no reason why it should be so little now. That something must be wrong with me and that I'm broken. I've already had my hormones and everything checked, so I know there is nothing wrong with me, physically. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety/panic disorder, but he's known that for years. That didn't stop him from telling me I'm fucked up and I ""need help"".
 I tried telling him that I  have  been trying, but it's just never enough. I told him that if he was so unhappy and unwilling to work on it  with  me, that maybe we should start considering other options. Like divorce. It's depressing me that I feel like I'm spending most of my time trying to make someone else happy and it's not working. I feel like I'm always walking on eggshells around him. He said a lot of other mean things to me that night, but it has nothing to do with the sex aspect of it... It all ended with him getting so mad that I stopped arguing back that he punched a hole in our hallway wall.
 He says he doesn't want a divorce because he still loves me, and hopes that all this stuff will ""pass"" or fix itself. I don't know if I'm willing to keep going with my life being like this for years until it does ""resolve itself."" I do love him, but the way he is acting about all of it is getting worse and the more he acts like this, the less I'm loving him. Even if my body/mind does somehow ""fix"" itself, I'm afraid I won't even be in love with him anymore.
 We don't have the money for any sort of marriage counseling, which is the only thing we haven't tried.. I guess my point to all of this is I just want some advice. What would you do in my situation? I have a lot to lose if I leave him, but I'm not staying with someone for material reasons. It's just a very scary concept, leaving him. What if it's a mistake? What if staying is? Is there anything at all I may have done wrong and can this be fixed? I just don't know what to do anymore. It's starting to affect my mood all the time.
 Thanks for anyone who took the time to read."
How are Mental Health conditions rated?  Close  6  Posted by  2 months ago  How are Mental Health conditions rated?  Just as the title says. I have been diagnosed with Major Depression, PTSD and Anxiety. I know that all 3 would be combined but how exactly is it calculated? Is there like a graph or a type of chart that’s used to tally a combined rating?
"How can I (27F) be self-sufficient and contribute to the family?  Close  1  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  How can I (27F) be self-sufficient and contribute to the family?  I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder due to a stressful work environment in the service line last year. Since then, I hold a part-time desk job that pays me enough to survive and have a small amount of savings each month. I'm happy with my current job and my new employer is very understanding.
 It's difficult for me to hold a full-time position again as I have low energy and having too many work responsibilities increases my anxiety. I have left some of my previous full-time jobs without serving notice after breaking down due to stress.
 I have a loving SO that doesn't mind paying for meals and holidays just because he wants us to enjoy ourselves together. He understands that I might never be able to hold a full-time job and is willing to plan our lives around that. We not married yet and I wouldn't want to be a burden to him if we do eventually get married.
 I'm staying with my parents and they put no pressure on me to contribute to the household bills. I do pay for my own groceries and phone bill. But I would like to start taking over some payments to ease the burden on my parents as they're moving closer to retirement.
 What can I do to increase my income without sacrificing my mental health?
 Edit: I'm not staying in the US. There isn't any welfare for individuals diagnosed with mental illnesses in my country as I know of."
"How can I get some antidepressants  Close  14  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  How can I get some antidepressants  I've been diagnosed with major depression for the last 6 years but now that i'm skipping class to sleep all day, and pursuing very destructive behaviours, i think in this moment i really need help so i don't continue spiralling. Don't really want to navigate the counselling services. Do i just make an appointment with SHS?
 Edit: I will definitely try to look into these resources. I really appreciate all of the information, and as i muster up the energy to get help, i can hopefully work towards a healthier mind."
"How do I [18F] tell my new boyfriend [21 M] that I'm uncomfortable and I want to end the relationship, in the kindest way possible?  Breakups  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  How do I [18F] tell my new boyfriend [21 M] that I'm uncomfortable and I want to end the relationship, in the kindest way possible?  Breakups  A couple of months ago I met this guy at a mutual friend's party. We got on really well that night, but nothing really happened for a solid month or two. He went on a family holiday overseas and I was talking to our mutual friend about him and said a few flattering things, which made her really excited. She relayed them (with my permission) to him, and we started talking.
 He was pretty flirtatious from the beginning, but it upped from there. Sometime in the weeks we were talking and he was still overseas he changed the emoji for our fb message to the one of a kissing face with a heart, for example. I don't think I ever lead the way in the escalation of the flirting - my responses were pretty reactionary. It didn't feel like I was lying much, saying what I thought would be nicest to say.
 Honestly, those conversations got a little stifling. He always started by asking how I was - and this is a bit of insight into me, I've been diagnosed with Major Depression and have been on medication for it two years - and honestly, if you ask me to reflect in my life you're guaranteed a negative answer. So I'd say how I was feeling (""stressed"" being a common one) and then he'd say something nice to cheer me up. But I didn't necessarily want sympathy, if that makes any sense? I wanted to vent, rather than be cheered up. The relentless positivity I got back started feeling stifling, so I gave up on anything other than a happy response.
 He got back to Australia a few weeks ago and I've seen him a couple of times since. He'd initiated a few things, asked to hold hands and kissed me on the cheek and it had been pretty fine, although I'm pretty awkward around touching people in any context so it wasn't the most comfortable.
 Today it went way further. We'd gotten lunch in the city and were running back to my university so I could make it to a lecture, and he walked me to where the lecture was and kept kissing me on the cheek and then asked to kiss me. I said yes, even though I was only really thinking about getting to class (another thing about me: I will do almost anything to avoid conflict or knowingly upsetting someone). It ended up being quite a long series of kissing because he didn't seem to want to stop and I didn't want to make things awkward by pushing him away, but I wasn't particularly enjoying it (probably not helped by the fact that it was my first kiss, and we'd had Turkish food before so everything smelled like garlic). Anyway, to cut this bit short, he got a bit handsy and it felt really awkward and uncomfortable, especially since we were essentially in the middle of a walkway and a full dozen people must have walked past. Also, I think he had a boner? Something was poking me. I do want to emphasise that he was asking me if it was okay and I said yes (and why I kept saying that I do not know), so the only way he would have picked up that I was reluctant would have been if he was watching my body language closely. Point being, he seems to be a genuinely nice guy and would be horrified to know that's what had being going through my head at the time.
 Afterwards he was going to hang out with our mutual friend and they must have been talking - I missed the lecture that I was rushing to get to, and she was in there and looking for me - and I think he told her a lot about what had happened. She's really happy for me/ for us, and told me how excited he was.
 And it's even been the small things, in the time I've been seeing him. Since I've been close to him I've noticed this strong and fairly unpleasant smell which I think is his sweat, but it's really different to any kind of sweaty smell I've come across before? It's off-putting and again it doesn't do much for any kind of romantic tension.
 The more I think about this whole situation afterwards the more miserable I'm becoming. I wish I'd never said anything about him. It seems that he really likes me and I've got nothing for him in return, sexually or even in a companionship-type way.
 So I'm trying to work out how, having dug myself into the situation, I can get myself out. The truth is going to be massively disappointing and I can well understand him being angry that I said something other than I was feeling. I'm afraid of how to do this. I'm afraid of not saying anything as this going further. If anyone has any experience on being dumped or dumping someone, I'd really, really appreciate knowing how I minimise the pain I'm causing. For example, is ""it's not you, it's me"" annoying or helpful?
   tl;dr : I met a guy, but didn't like him as much as I though I did at first and as he's tried to deepen the relationship I've gone along but felt anxious. At this point I'm not interested anymore and the possibilities of what happens if it continues are scaring me, but I have no idea how, or what, to tell him to make it stop without being really cruel to him. Please, what do I say??"
How do I approach my psychiatrist about getting evaluated for OCD and ROCD?  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  How do I approach my psychiatrist about getting evaluated for OCD and ROCD?  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive disorder and GAD for about 4 years, but I was given these diagnoses in 1 short session. I got a new psychiatrist a year ago but I didnt display the symptoms of ROCD and OCD. A couple of months ago, my anxiety skyrocketed and recently my group therapist said that I might have ROCD and OCD based on my symptoms. I know a diagnosis doesnt really change my situation, but itll provide closure knowing why I'm feeling what I'm feeling.
How do I ask my therapist if I could have BPD?  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  How do I ask my therapist if I could have BPD?  I have been juggling with the thought of me having BPD for years now. Right now I believe I am diagnosed with Major Depression but the diagnosis just doesn't feel right. Every time I mention anything other than depression therapists/psychiatrists seem to think I'm overreacting and I'm reading into my symptoms too much. How do I talk about it in a way that makes it known that I'm serious and the borderline tendencies I have are real? Thanks in advance.
"How do I come out to my parents that I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder?  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  How do I come out to my parents that I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder?  Hi everyone,
 I had a major depressive episode from last July to November and was diagnosed with MDD in September. I was treated with fluoxetine and talk therapy for nearly 9 months at my college, and I just finally ended medication yesterday. Now that I'm officially done with treatment, I feel that it's finally time to let my parents know I was in a very dark place not too long ago and I had seriously considered ending my life a few times. My biggest fear is they'll be mad and assume I could have just ""gotten over it"" or that medication ""messed up my head."" For anyone in a similar situation who has had to tell their parents about being diagnosed with depression, any advice as to how I should go about it?"
"How do I explain a huge gap in my resume caused by major depression? It's eating me up.  Close  208  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  How do I explain a huge gap in my resume caused by major depression? It's eating me up.  I don't know if anyone here can help me, but this has been hugely contributing to my depression lately and any advice would be hugely appreciated.
 So, I've been diagnosed with major depression since childhood and functioning around it had always been hard. Still, being in school and having constant structure always helped me push through and do what I needed to do most of the time. I got into a good college and graduated at the top of my class and parlayed an internship into a full time job when I was 22. Things were ok and I was lucky to have a job where I could work from home a lot (I have huge anxiety issues that made leaving the house very difficult some days). But I was constantly stressed out, feeling like I wasn't good enough and the pressure mixed with the largely untreated depression led to a very serious eating disorder that got so severe I had to leave my job to get treatment two years ago.
 The facility I went to was terrible. Since I had to rely on help from my parents to pay for treatment, it was in their hands where I went and they chose a place across the country from my friends, my boyfriend, my whole life so that I could be a couple of hours away from them so they could watch over me. I don't blame them for making that decision but the only treatment center that fit the bill for them was a terrible fit for me. Long story short, it was primarily an outpatient facility so I was left to stay in a bare apartment in a city I didn't know without friends, a job, or anything to do outside my 5 hours in therapy a day and absolutely no support on the weekends. I stayed for three months because I didn't know what else to do and all the while my depression and my disorder got so much worse. My friends stopped talking to me, my boyfriend of three years at the time got fed up with the distance and ended up cheating on me, my job who had told me there would be a place for me when I was ready to come back ended up instituting massive layoffs and I ended up having nothing to go back to.
 I was forced to move back in with my parents for a year. Back in my hometown, all of my friends have moved away and I barely know anyone so it's just constant isolation. They didn't have health insurance since my dad had also been laid off and I had been a full time contractor with temporary health insurance which was immediately discontinued as soon as I was let go. I had no money to pay for therapy and no sense of purpose in my life. I had always made it through the hard times by knowing I had responsibilities and a network of people who cared about me and when I lost those things, I completely fell apart.
 I ended up getting part time work back in my city and moved back for about eight months just getting by- still no treatment and descended farther and farther into depression. Again, I was laid off from my crappy part time job and had to move back home where I've been since this past may. My parents finally for health insurance back at the end of the summer and luckily for the next two months, I'm still young enough to be on their plan. I've been seeing an excellent therapist and have been making a lot of strides in getting back to functionality and battling my eating disorder. The thing is, I'm at the point where mentally and practically I NEED to get back to work.
 I'm turning 26 at the end of December and won't have insurance any longer. Also now that I'm lucid again, the life I've lived in a depressive funk doesn't work for me any more. I desperately want to start living my life again and even though I know what a huge struggle it will be for me to go back to a full time job after two years of floating around in a pit of depression. Still, I feel like I'm never going to make the next step in my recovery if I don't get out there and feel a sense of purpose in my life again. Lately I've been falling back into anorexia and bulimia just because I feel like I have nothing to do with myself and I can't stand it.
 I've started applying for jobs in my field again but the stumbling block that's been coming up is this massive gap in my resume filled with short term part time work and then just months of nothing at all. I don't know what to do about this. I can't exactly tell a prospective employer ""oh yeah don't mind the last two years of my life, I've just been horribly depressed and self-destructive. But you don't need to worry about it!"" I just feel like all the hard work I put in for years to make something of my life has been trashed by the last couple of years and that's been extremely hard to come to grips with. It's not like people see this as an illness, it's just a glaring red flag not to hire me. I've been working for my parents and taking some classes ever since I started getting therapy and functioning better just to show that I've been doing something with myself, but the work is irrelevant to my field and doesn't even come close to covering the gap in my work history.
 Has anyone else ever had to cope with this kind of situation? I'm just so frustrated. I know that there was no way I could've just continued working and ""gotten over it."" Getting treatment was necessary, I just didn't get the right treatment in a timely fashion. I just don't know what to do about it. I feel so unmotivated to even try because I feel like everyone else my age has been working and getting better at what they do and I'm completely out of the loop. Even though I did have a good job when I worked and know I'll get excellent recommendations from my old bosses, I don't feel like that's enough for anyone. Hell, I feel like no one will even take a resume with nothing substantial since the end of 2012 seriously at all.
 I've considered things like going back to school full time or getting an apprenticeship and a part time job to get back in my field while making some money, but I don't even know how plausible THAT is given my past.
 Sorry for the wall if text, I just felt like I needed to provide context for why things are the way they are. So:
 TL;DR: I've been unemployed because of severe depression for the better part of two years but I can't take not having anything to get out of bed for any more. I just don't know how to explain my situation to a hiring manager."
"How do I express gratitude to someone without making it awkward?  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  How do I express gratitude to someone without making it awkward?  I (35F)have a very disfunctional family. I also work and live with this family for now. It's rough emotionally and mentally. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety. Though.. I have been managing both without meds . Tho in the last few weeks been thinking about going back on them... However..
 I have a friend who I've never met in person yet..but known them online for..10 years. They are the nicest person for real. And they do things on purpose to help me..in RL and gaming where I met them.
 Like.. I'll say I'm not confident at ..x thing in game..they immediately help me .. if someone says something about ..farming an item if it can be farmed this person does it.. and it's not just for me it's for all their friends and even sometimes their own RL family who also plays the game. .. a genuine person.
 Anyways they have also started .. trying to help me out of game too..with cheering me up when RL gets too hard etc..
 How do I explain that it means so much..without coming across as 1 overdone or fake.. or 2 coming off as hitting on them..? The way I'd like to say is .. basically thanks for believing in me..cuz it gives me confidence to believe in myself. ..but to me that sounds selfish and that our friendship is one sided ..and I  would die if I ever became a selfish friend."
"how do i forgive (and forget)?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  how do i forgive (and forget)?  tldr; please give me tips on how to forgive/forget/keep things from triggering the pent-up anger i have inside me...
 i have forgiveness problems that i want to fix. i'm 21, have been diagnosed with major depression, but i'm not seeing a therapist anymore. i feel like i'm pretty good at controlling my feelings - throughout the years i've learned how to suppress my anger, sadness, and even happiness (being too happy makes the inevitable fall to sadness stronger and harder to recover from). maybe i'm a little robotic, which i'm not proud of either.
 but i think this only applies to the small everyday things. i have trouble forgiving/forgetting/accepting long-term incidents that have hurt me. i'm angry towards my parents/family for how they raised me, angry towards the middle school and high school i went to for how badly they treated me (i only realized how wrong they were just recently), and i'm angry at my boyfriend for how long he kept in contact with his ex (he isn't anymore, and his actions have shown how he only cares about me, but i can't forgive him for thinking that keeping in contact like that for so long was okay).
 i need help on how to let go of all this anger and just forgive and forget. i feel selfish for feeling angry at them all because they also give me/gave me good things. my anger/sadness gets triggered by the smallest things (a text message from my mom, hearing a similar-sounding language to his ex's).
 i'm not doing myself any favors, because these feelings get so overwhelming that sometimes i just want to end it all. i don't want to feel suicidal again.
 please help."
How do I get out of this situation?  Close  4  Posted by    2 days ago  How do I get out of this situation?  I am diagnosed with major depression and severe anxiety. I have moved into my cousins’ house and it is a toxic environment. I am paying rent, but don’t ever have enough money left over to save to get myself a car and move out. I am stuck. I have no family or friends to take me in besides the family that I live with currently and they treat me as a means to support them and won’t give me the rent free months to buy a car and move out. I originally moved in because I was suicidal and in a living situation that I couldn’t get out of similar to the one I’m in right now. The catch now is that I have no other options now. I need to get out of this house and move on with my life but I have no money to do so. I live in a garage in AZ where the temperature inside the garage reaches over 100 degrees and my cousins were supposed to help me get back on my feet, but have continued to use my income to support their spending/ gambling habits. Tonight I can’t sleep. This is a constant cycle for me. No sleep equals suicidal thoughts and tonight I truly contemplated hanging myself. I have come to reddit to see if anyone knows of a place I could go to get away from this. I know there are such things as halfway houses or I could check in to a mental hospital for suicide prevention but both of those things seem unnecessary to me as I know that if I was able to get out of this situation I’m in I would be happy and not need either of those things. I am so tired of being taken advantage of when it’s me who needs the money to move on. I have argued countless times with my cousins about being able to have some rent free months to get a car and move out but my cousin says I am being charged rent because “that’s the real world and you need to be able to survive in the real world”. That’s their excuse... I wish everyday that I had killed myself before reaching out to my cousins for help because then I wouldn’t be continuing in this cycle of never making enough money to get myself a stable living situation. I feel as though I am repeating myself but this is just so aggravating and I need help. I have literally no one to go to. My parents are divorced and hate me because of the life I chose to live as a teenager and now I am a 22 year old who has been in and out of jail and drug abuse binges that is finally on the right path. I did probation and am drug free but now I am stuck in a situation that makes me want to go back to using drugs just to feel something other than the agony that is this stagnancy. I feel like I’m living in hell. Nothing good ever comes without being taken from me. I just want what other ppl my age have. To the outside world I am a loser because I don’t have a car and I live in a garage, but this is not by choice! I work hard at my job and I make money but it is taken from me by the ppl I live with and I have no say in the matter. How do I get out of here? Is it even possible for someone with no credit and no car to do make anything of themselves in this world? I have so many dreams and aspirations that are out of reach all because I chose the wrong ppl to believe in. I take full responsibility for the actions of my younger self but I have been doing the right thing for years now with nothing to show for it. I have been manipulated and now I only see two options of escape. Either a miracle of money or suicide. I want to be done apologizing for doing what is best for me but how can I do what’s best for me here without getting kicked out on the streets? If I tell my cousins I’m not paying rent anymore to save up they will kick me out. If I stay here and continue paying them I will never leave. I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to feel. I just want this part of my life to be over.
"How do I manage extreme stress and anxiety that college induces?  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  How do I manage extreme stress and anxiety that college induces?  A few short bullet points to help gain some understanding about my situation:
 -I'm a 23 y/o female.
 -I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, panic disorder, and two anxiety disorders that I cannot recall, as well as ADHD. I am on an intense cocktail of medication for it all.
 -I have been a part-time student taking classes almost primarily online, approx. 3-9 credit hours a semester due to a spine condition and botched surgeries.
 -Last semester, I attended a university and took 12 credit hours. I despised it. I was anxious, in pain because of my spine, and just miserable.
 This semester, I will be living at home and commuting to school. However, my family is pushing me to take 15 credit hours, and I would like to in order to graduate more quickly and avoid summer classes. When I think about actually going and being around people, and being swamped with work, I get anxious and have had panic attacks almost nightly thinking about it.
 Can anyone give me advice on how to ease the stress and anxiety? How do I manage my time? How do I study more efficiently?
 If you could help me, I'd greatly appreciate it. Thank-you, and God Bless."
"How do I move on from emotional and spiritual abuse from my former church?  Close  5  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  How do I move on from emotional and spiritual abuse from my former church?  Long backstory if you're interested:
 I was heavily involved in ministry at a large non-denominational church in the Midwest for over a decade. I was under the impression that I was being groomed for pastoral ministry and would soon be given a paid staff position.
 In my personal study, I eventually came to embrace reformed theology, which opened my mind to a whole new world of faith and practice.
 I began to realize over the next few years that I was being manipulated by several staff members who were essentially using me as free labor. My best friend and mentor, who was the worship director, began meeting with me weekly and we discussed my frustration with how fast the church was growing, and how no new pastors have been installed, how we didn't seem to be following a biblical ecclesiology as we had absolutely no elders besides the lead pastor, how we spent half a million dollars on sound and lights, etc.
 Then my responsibilities began to disappear. There were new volunteers who were quickly elevated to the title of ""pastor"" without any formal training whatsoever. I was ""just a volunteer"" in the eyes of many paid staff members. I was also criticized for not ""catching the vision of the pastor.""
 I continued to serve because these people were like a second family to me, even though I grew increasingly frustrated with the circumstances until I moved away with my wife so she could attend grad school.
 We found a great church in our new town, but I was so frustrated by the years and years of total disillusionment that I have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. I often also wonder if I have PTSD due to the spiritual trauma that lasted nearly a decade.
 My best friends were at this church. I met my wife at this church. And now I hate this church because of how they treated me and close friends of mine who were also thrown aside for questioning the pastor's motives.
 I am at a really great church now, but I'm not sure if I am really cut out for ministry which is very sad to me. I literally dedicated my life to church for it seemingly all to be thrown away.
 Any help is welcome. I am planning on speaking to my pastor about this as well."
"How do I not lose hope?  Close  12  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  How do I not lose hope?  I have been depressed forever. I have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety disorder and I have been under several treatments and medications.
 None of them worked.
 As I see myself right now, life is meaningless effort and then we die, everything is grey and the future is bleak."
"How do I stop the getting angry at myself and blowing everything out of proportion?  Close  4  Posted by   F23/5'0""/SW:168/CW: 120/GW: 104   2 years ago  Archived  How do I stop the getting angry at myself and blowing everything out of proportion?  I’ve been doing great for a while, I’ve been exercising more self control than I thought was possible and although it’s definitely not the easiest thing in the world it’s been pretty okay and not as hard as I thought it would be. I find my schedule primes me perfectly for IF or OMAD so that’s generally what I’ve been doing. On Sunday I binged (2300 cals) so I fasted on Monday and was just so busy Tuesday that I didn’t get to eat until around 9. I had a vegetarian rice bowl with beans, lots of veggies, and an over-easy egg. Really filling and tasty for around ~720 calories (probably less if I’m being honest as it wasn’t a huge portion, but I like to overestimate). Pretty soon after, I got a ridiculous craving for sweets, I don’t even like sweet things! I had more than enough calories to spare so I ate a 230 cal candy bar for a days total of 950. Today I woke up and without work or school obligations I’ve done nothing but feel shitty for myself for eating the candy bar— even though I didn’t go over my calorie limit!
 Now all I can think is this is so annoying and why do I even bother when I’m going to keep screwing up. I thought I was making good progress in reconditioning myself not to think of food as good or bad, or to not obsess about it at all... but now, despite having “made up” for my binge and having the calorie allowance for that candy bar I can’t stop feeling angry at myself. How do I stop?
 I have been diagnosed with major depression and cico, exercise, years of therapy and medication were helping but now I find myself unable to leave my bed because I can’t stop hating on myself. This is generally how all my depressive episodes start and now with the food stuff mixed in I don’t know how I can get back on my flow. Please help 😔"
"How do you know when what you're feeling is real? When everything changes so quickly and so intensely. Hoping someone will understand.  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  How do you know when what you're feeling is real? When everything changes so quickly and so intensely. Hoping someone will understand.  I'm diagnosed with Major Depression and Dysthymia, and, I don't really know what's going on here.
 I've had a boyfriend for two years who I fell for in a very intense way. I'm not sure I feel the same anymore. I'll be sitting around thinking that maybe I don't love him anymore, and then I'll get a text from him saying he has a family thing on the weekend and I can't see him, and I feel really sad. Why would I care so much about seeing someone I didn't love? I still want to do things to make him happy, and all of that. My depression used to pull me into a very desperate ""please never leave me"" state. Now I'm just losing feeling. It's awful. I feel like complete shit right now, I almost wish I could be in hospital or somewhere that people might finally get it and be able to help me. My therapy sessions have almost ended, then I have to wait half a year before I'm allowed to see anyone again. I feel sort of abandoned. :(
 I have a pet cat, 3 years, and sometimes I feel like I don't care about her. Sometimes I feel like it's all an act and I just like the idea of having a pet that I love and that I don't really feel it. Sometimes I'll sit with her and I'll cry at the thought of anything bad ever happening to her. Sometimes I feel so inconsolably sad about that fact that she'll die someday. Again, why would I be sad if I didn't love her?
 My parents have been emotionally and psychologically abusive over the years, and i spend all my time splitting between I can't stand them and I can't wait to get out of home and being terrified of going home - and then sometimes i downplay it all. It's okay that mum encouraged me to date a man who ended up abusing me, it's okay she said i was asking for it, i mean i did push him off me about 8 times before giving up but i never said no, so, it;s my fault.
 Sometimes I feel like everyone close to me wants to hurt me or kill me, and like I can't trust anyone. I usually understand that this won't happen but I keep thinking that like, teh only safe people around are my family (who emotionally abused me and made me feel uncomfortable for year - not safe people, i guess this is an effect of the abuse) and then I just think that I have so much bad luck and that I am inherently awful that, yeah, most people hate me and would rather I was dead.
 I hate this because I'm in so much pain sometimes. But I've had a really good few weeks. I got my period yesterday, and that's how this always goes. My doctor said there isn't much that could be done. She said to eat well and exercise. I sat slumped on the couch for five hours yesterday, scrolling through my facebook news feed and reading statistics on violent attacks (weew confirmation bias, this is so bad for me), i don't have the energy to exercise or eat or do anything. surely other women deal with this and get through it. I have no idea how, though.
 And yet, I still want to be alive. I have fleeting suicidal thoughts and urges, but I am absolutely terrified of death. Most of my problems are sort of existential issues. I hate this."
"How do you regain feelings? Not just joy, but sorrow and pain?  Close  2  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  How do you regain feelings? Not just joy, but sorrow and pain?  Hi Reddit,
 I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder since I was 15 (I'm 21, now) and have been in and out of therapists offices, group therapy meetings, tried several different drugs, and just under a year ago had a stint in a psych ward after a near ""successful"" suicide attempt while I was away at college.
 That last one has been the most significant, because for the first time in the seven or six years I've been suicidal, I haven't had any suicidal thoughts. Mainly, it's out of fear, the psych ward was worse than any intentional harm anyone or myself has ever done to me. However, with the lack of suicidal thoughts, a lack of emotion has also followed.
 All years prior, I would have normal emotions. I would get excited about things I liked, I would get lonely when I irrationally felt like my friends were ignoring me, I would get genuinely horny (not just feel like I should have sex or masturbate because I haven't done it in a while). when I was sad, I was devastated. I would sob and moan and write down all of my anger and anguish in my journal or a suicide note if it was that bad.
 But now I feel broken. I used to be one of those obnoxious nerds that would passionately defend their favorite film or comic, now I can't put forth that sort of effort because it would all be an act. I had friends, despite being an emotional mess for all of high school and college, but now I seem to really only have one, and I know she's only friends with me because she doesn't think anyone else likes her. My boyfriend of nine months (we started dating as soon as I came back home after going on medical leave) and I recently broke up because it was such a boring relationship that really shouldn't have lasted as long as it did. It's only been a week, but I frequently forget that I was even dating anyone at all recently. Two years ago I broke up with a man I was madly in love with because we were both too emotionally unstable to be with each other, and I cried for weeks. I feel like I can't emote on that level anymore.
 I used to be an artist, but all I do now is go to work at the fast food restaurant I work at, come home, and eat or sleep. I'm scared of doing art, because I can't even feel creative anymore.
   TL;DR  I am still depressed, but not like I was before, now I am just sort of a zombie. It's almost making me nostalgic for the intensely manic emotions I felt in the past.
 Has anyone had similar experiences? Have certain treatments, medication, anything helped you emerge from this sad grey passage? Please, I feel like my life is passing me by, and I got that second chance that not so many get. Any advice is appreciated."
"How does one develop self esteem from scratch, especially if you have had difficult life circumstances?  Close  8  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  How does one develop self esteem from scratch, especially if you have had difficult life circumstances?  I’m an 18 year old female. I’ve struggled with my own self worth. It hasn’t always been totally absent, but it certainly fluctuates. When I make mistakes or hurt people, usually unintentionally, I feel incredibly guilty afterwards and struggle to move forward.
 I’m social, well-liked, and take on a lot of leadership positions at my high school. I have friends, but I often feel distant from them, or that I don’t truly belong. Despite people mostly seeing me as composed and confident, mostly because of how I act in my various roles, I feel that I have a lot of trouble speaking up for myself and being assertive in personal matters.
 My guilt has existed for a long time. This has happened since the age of 11, where I ignored one of my best friends at the time, and she was extremely upset. It had been an ongoing feeling for her, feeling ignored, and that day she immediately walked away from me and met up with another one of my close friends, who apparently felt the same. They walked away speaking about how much they hated me, and how bad I was to them. For the following two weeks, because I shared classes with them constantly, I heard them whispering negative things about me, and even when I tried to apologize they continued to berate me. It was the first time in my life that I truly realized my own power to hurt other people without realizing, and that all my actions had consequences. This triggered a lot of guilt and anxiety in me, even after the relationships were mended, to the point where I would function normally at one moment and then be staring blankly at a wall trembling the next. For about two years after, anytime I heard even strangers whispering, I would feel cold and shaky all over while my mind began racing. I think this was the turning point in my personal development, where I vowed to live a life serving others to make up for what at the time felt like an unforgivable error.
 I think I have a lot of other factors that have added to this, so just to give some context on my circumstances:
   My father always had low self esteem, as he lost his mother to cancer at a young age, and lived with his father who was physically and emotionally abusive. He struggled with various mood issues during his teens and adulthood. Personality wise, I am a lot like him, in that I am oversensitive and hard on myself.
   I spent the first 16 years of my life raised in a high control Christian cult, and I always felt isolated and different because of it at school. I was unable to spend time with school friends outside of school hours, and I didn’t have friends I regularly spent time with in the cult either. I’m not entirely decided on my belief system yet, but I think I am leaning towards atheism due to my experiences. Is it possible, however, to have true self worth if we are all accidents of the universe?
   I have dealt with depression since the age of 13. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder with some traits of OCDP,  had multiple therapists, and been put on antidepressants.
   I had a boyfriend of 1.5 years whom I am no longer with since very recently. Most people who knew me and some details of the relationship considered controlling. I actually had a different account here before and posted in  r/relationships  about a conflict where he considered my clothing showy and would get upset with my clothing, to which I received dozens of replies telling me to dump him because he seemed manipulative. He hurt me a lot, but he was also my best friend, and I feel that I can’t help but love him despite the pain he has put me through at times.
   My dad died in a car accident a year ago. Losing him when I felt I was just getting to really know him felt isolating. Grief has been hard for me in social situations, as I’m constantly surrounded by my peers who generally have two living parents, and it hurts me at times to think about.
   I am well read in general, and I have attempted to consult many books on the matter of self esteem. The thing I can never understand though is this: what is it based on, really? I’ve heard that you should feel self compassion, but I don’t understand what makes a person deserve it. Is it simply intrinsic? How do you build it, especially if it seems like you have to build it from scratch? What are its key components?
 If any of you can relate to any of what I have shared, or have some words of advice on this subject, it would be greatly appreciated.
 TL;DR: I struggle with self esteem, and I’ve had some tough life experiences that I believe have shaped my ability to feel self compassion. What is self esteem, really, and how does one improve it? What is it based on? Is self worth delusional in the context of an atheistic worldview, and we simply need it to survive? For all of you who have struggled with mental health issues, bad relationships, or other difficult life circumstances, how did you develop self-esteem?"
"How does one leverage support from others?  Venting  Close  1  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  How does one leverage support from others?  Venting  I've been diagnosed with major depression and I suspect I'm on the Aspergers spectrum. I know I have a support network of people who care about me, but it seems tangled.
 I feel I'm misunderstood and that they have different ideas of what I need. (ie. sis wants me to be religious, cuz wants me to 'find myself', aunt found working out helped her through depression so I should do the same etc.) Ultimately they just want me to be happy, but I'm not.
 Every time I take advice, it works for a bit but I always find myself back at square one eventually so I just live day by day in pain with a smile on my face when Im with others because it's easier than working towards fixing myself.
 I feel frustrated because I'm not going anywhere in life so I turn a blind eye to my problems but I realize that time is slipping away and I go no where.
 I don't know why writing this makes me wanna cry but it does and I feel bad that I want to be better but I can't and I'm letting people down and I'm wasting their time if I try"
"How I Barely Survived the Last Decade  Close  3  Posted by  4 months ago  How I Barely Survived the Last Decade  Trigger warnings: Depression, suicide, self harm, anxiety, bullying, eating disorders
 First of all, I was only 5 at the beginning of the decade so I will be skipping forward a couple years. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, social anxiety disorder, and gender dysphoria. A big part of my depression and anxiety comes from genetics but that has caused other issues that derived from the original genetic issue.
 My earliest memory of depression was in 3rd grade (8/9 years old) when I was living in (arguably) the most beautiful place in the world for a year, Hawaii. I remember asking my parents if I could go to therapy because I was getting too upset too often, and that's about all that happened. I went to a therapist for a few months but then we moved back to my current home/state and nothing ever came after that for a few years.
 My symptoms of depression and anxiety skyrocketed to become very severe when I got into 8th grade (11/12 years old I think). I also began going through puberty which anyone with gender dysphoria knows is one hell of a time. I was having a lot of social issues and began self harming a lot. A past classmate and friend who I confided in about my depression told my parents who found all my self harm marks and put me into therapy.
 I hate therapy and even the idea is therapy. The first therapist I saw did not help me at all. Part of that was my fault because I withheld so much information from her but another part was she just wasn't the right fit for me. I tried to put out my signals of distress many times to my friends but nothing came of those. Looking back I know it was unfair for me to expect a group of 12 year olds to help and deal with my severe depression especially when a lot of them were involved with the social issues I was having.
 Over the course of middle school (6th-8th grade) I also developed an eating disorder. This were never diagnosed by a professional because I never told anyone but I'd assume that forcing myself to throw up the lunch I just ate would classify me as bulimic.
 Middle school ages are hard enough as it is but at that time it felt like I was dealing with 1 million added problems from my peers. I was honestly counting down the days until my mental illnesses took my life. I was only 12 years old. To add to all of this I was realizing I was bisexual and had a lot of internalized anxiety and self hatred for that.
 Fast forward to 8th grade (13/14 years old) my parents had finally decided to transfer me to a different school since i was having so many issues. My 8th grade year was NOT perfect but it was at the time a massive improvement.
 In 8th grade i became best friends with someone extremely manipulative. I hadn't noticed his manipulative nature, though, and was very dedicated and loyal to our friendship. This friendship caused me a lot of issues towards the end of 8th grade and in the beginning of highschool.
 Overall in middle school I believe I was hospitalized 3 times. Once in 7th grade and twice in 8th grade. 2 times were by my parents and once was from a ""medical professional"" who wrongfully called the hospital and forced me into hospitalization (I got out as soon as I talked to a doctor because that woman was in the wrong).
 In 9th grade (14/15) I ended up going to the same high school as my now ex-friend, the manipulator. I still had a little hope we could repair our friendship but that hope quickly when he started spreading rumors about me and my mental health. At this point I was still 100% I the closet about my sexuality and gender, had stopped self harming, and I believe had recovered from my eating disorders.
 I had gotten into a long distance online relationship and while that relationship was not awful when it ended it took a hard toll on me. At that point I had had so many people I cared for leave me for seemingly no reason which has and still does cause me a lot of clingy issues to this day.
 In late 9th grade I came out as bisexual and a transgender man. Shortly after that the therapist I had been talking to for 2+ years (who I loved and helped me a lot) said that she didn't think she was supporting me in a way I needed and advised i find a different therapist. That, understandably, messed me up. Like I said, I had an issue with people suddenly leaving which she knew and I felt very wronged by her decision. I did find a therapist, though, and still talk to him to this day. He is great.
 At this point I had been on a bunch of medications. I started taking medication after my first hospitalization and have been on so many different kinds, doses, and mixtures that my mom keeps a list of everything I've tried. Medication has never helped me, I either get negative side effect or it had no effect at all.
 Now, in 10th grade (15/16). There have been a lot of ups and downs since me coming out and finding a new therapist but this post is already so long. My mental health has never improved as much as it did in late 2019.  Things still hurt me but it's been a long time since I last self harmed. People still leave me and that will always still hurt. The most recent person to leave (late November of 2019) had brought a lot of pain onto me. I had returned to one of the darkest places I had been in a very long time. I was very close to relapsing or killing myself. I cried harder than I had in months. But a few days later I had basically recovered completely. It has been the quickest recovery I have ever experienced.
 Just because my biggest improvements happened recently doesn't mean I was happy 24/7, trust me. The thing that changed for me is that I finally feel like I'm gaining control over myself and my emotions.
 ""I feel better.""
 ""I feel better"" are words I never thought I'd be able to say honestly just a few years ago but it's true. I feel better.
 I will never be 100% perfectly ok and thats ok. I lost track of all the times I hurt myself, of all the times I threw up, the times I cried, and the times i tried to take my life. In middle school I thought I'd never live to be 20 years old. I know what it's like to be literal seconds away from killing myself. I've been there, I've taken the pills, I've tied the belt around my neck, I've held the blades, and I'm telling YOU that it's not the right answer. I am telling you, the person reading this, that it will get better.
 I'm 2 weeks away from turning 16 years old. I am no where near done with my mental health journey. Life sucks, it does and there's no denying that.
 But it gets better."
"How to answer the ""voluntary disability questionnaire"".  Close  4  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  How to answer the ""voluntary disability questionnaire"".  I'm going to be graduating with a master's degree in December, and I've started applying to jobs.
 I've discovered that almost every job I've applied to has the ""voluntary disability/self-identification questionnaire"".
 While I have no physical disabilities I am diagnosed with major depression, anxiety, and PTSD. All of which are managed by therapy and medication.
 When I encounter these questionnaire's I'm not sure if I should answer that I have a disability, don't want to answer, or no I don't have a disability. How do other people handle the question? Is there an upside to answering yes, or declining to answer, or will it show up as a black mark against me?"
How to approach a disagreement about sensitive topic?  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  How to approach a disagreement about sensitive topic?  Last night a guy I’ve been dating(M23) and I (F23) got into a tense discussion. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and I have been struggling with it a lot this year. We were talking about it, and he was saying stuff like how people who are depressed need to “choose to be happy” and “refuse to be a victim” and “not give their depression any space” and it’ll go away. Not only do I have personal experience with this but I am also in a psychology major. I tried explaining to him that people with MDD can learn to manage it, but it is a condition that doesn’t go away. You can’t just get over the disorder, and you have to learn to give it space within yourself so you can learn to manage it and coexist with your condition. While I agree that it’s important not to let the disorder control you, I don’t agree that you can just choose to get over it and you will. He became almost condescending towards me about it, and the conversation just kind of ended because we didn’t want to seriously fight about it. Maybe we just don’t agree on this area, but the things he was saying did hurt my feelings and I feel like he needs to be more open-minded and educated on mental health. How should I approach this topic again with him?
"How to deal with depressive symptoms  Close  1  Posted by  7 days ago  How to deal with depressive symptoms  Accidentally submitted the title without the question... during this time of COVID? My job performance and productivity are down and weight gain is up. I didn’t realize how important routine was to managing my depression but it’s starting to become an issue again. Everything is starting to feel pointless. I used to make my tattoo appointments and conventions my things to work toward and look forward to. I think having nothing planned in the future is starting to flip the switch. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder recurring. I’m kind of scared to start a new antidepressant or ask to switch my meds up during this craziness for a couple reasons but is that something I should be considering? I’m scared I’m about to ruin the best job I’ve ever had by not performing well, but my Psych isn’t filling out anything but prescriptions according to the front desk people or else Id honestly ask for a couple weeks leave of absence. I also have an extreme fear of death that contributes to my anxiety that I haven’t communicated to my doctor, but thinking this is going to kill my mom terrifies me both to lose her and because losing my dad is what originally sparked suicidal ideation.
 I’m on 300mg XL Wellbutrin, 40mg viibryd, and 0.5mg Xanax as needed. I take measured THC treats occasionally and drink wine occasionally, no other drugs."
how's your day been so far?  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  how's your day been so far?  i've been diagnosed with major depression and generalized anxiety disorder as of about a week ago and I found this community earlier today. just wondering how your day is.
"Husband is annoying me......  Rant  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Husband is annoying me......  Rant  Hi, I'm on mobile. Format, blah, blah, blah.
 So... I've been diagnosed with Major Depression, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and Panic Disorder.
 I've been off work since October of 2018. I hate being depressed and it sucks. I've been through a couple med changes and they are the worst! I'm currently just starting my second month of Zoloft, after being on Cipralex. The tiredness is driving me insane. I just want to stop taking it but, I know I have to give it time.
 My husband, I love him, I really do. But, if he makes one more ""suggestion"" about changing my dose (without consulting my doctor), which therapist to see, or things I can do to ""get better"" I'm going to scream! He just goes on and on about this stuff. I'm too tired to even pretend to care anymore. He wants us to have a routine and a schedule. No. No. No. You want a routine and a schedule, you do it husband. I just want to be left alone."
"I  really love my boyfriend, we both really want this to work. But I feel  like I'm more upset than happy when we're together. Ideas of breaking up  or taking a break really have been in my mind for the past few months,  but I want it to work.
  
 We have a lot of small arguments that resolve themselves in the same day such as;
 Me  talking to a male friend at school. I got a very dirty look so I was  quiet the entire car ride. I felt like a child again. I guess he felt bad so he kept trying to make conversation and rub my back.
  
 Wearing  a skirt, especially when it's cold outside because ""people will look.""  We've had a lot of disagreements with this because I'm not even dressing  like a slut (hoodie + plaid skirt + sneakers) and I told him people  will look regardless so why should we give a shit? He mumbled something  and finally I got fed up and did the bad ""Do you think x treats y like  this?"" (She gets to go out in a crop top and short shorts and her bf was  never irritated or anything..I kept thinking ""didn't he tell you  anything?"") because I am so fucking tired of THIS specific argument.  ANYTIME I want to wear a skirt he becomes quiet and pouts. He got mad  and I just left the house for 3 hours.
  
  
 Practicing driving, he would get short tempered or annoyed with something I did and in return, I became annoyed.
  
  
 Another big one is that I have a short temper, but I've been working on it.  Instead of visibly being angry or distressed I make a joke so it seems like I'm not and then I walk away to cool off. Despite this he always accuses me of being mad at him and he can't say anything because I'm so sensitive and this drives me up the wall because I  feel like I'm going crazier and crazier like I'm making no progress at  all when I know I have been doing A LOT better after comparing how I  used to be. I just blew up crying and yelled and he didn't know how to respond because I've never done that before. He started apologizing but  it all feels fake to me now like we have so many mini arguments that he  says sorry to get it over with.
  
  
 I  tried to be supportive in the beginning of the relationship but after almost 3 years I feel like I'm giving up. I just leave the house after  anything happens and shut down and ignore him. He gets so bent out of  shape quickly and I don't have the energy to ""properly"" react anymore. I  feel like he doesn't even want a girlfriend at this point, just someone  that cooks and cleans and sometimes talks. We both really get upset at  the idea of separating but I don't have any willpower or energy for anyone anymore. I just want to be alone in the mountains at this point. Sometimes my friends ask me if I'm happy with him and I really just stop because I don't fucking know anymore. Maybe I'm self-sabotaging? I am diagnosed with clinical depression (no meds) so maybe that's the main problem.
  
 TL;DR mini frequent arguments are killing my drive for my current relationship and i don't know what to do anymore"
"I (18M) don't really know what to do with my relationship with my girlfriend (15f) anymore  Close  0  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I (18M) don't really know what to do with my relationship with my girlfriend (15f) anymore  First of all - this is going to be a long post, so to anyone who sticks here and reads, and might even be bothered enough to comment: A big thank you
 Second: I know this age gap might seem weird to some and I can fully understand why you might think so. Please refrain from harassing me in the comments about ""pedophilia"" or anything the like. If you feel the need to do so, please read up on what pedophilia actually means first (Had this happen a lot of times to me online as well as from real life friends. I just want help, not to be insulted)
  
 So, first a little backstory about me:
 I'll be turning 19 in about 2 months. I'm about 3 1/4 years older than my girlfriend.
 I had my first real relationship when I was 16, and it was also my first long distance relationship as well. It wasn't exactly a healthy relationship, we often had fights over small and dumb stuff, but mostly we got along great and loved each other, that is until she started cheating on me. I was young and naive, so it took me 3 times until I finally buckled up and stopped this ""please, just one more chance"" bs, and left her.
 I left this relationship even more broken than I already was. (I've been helping tons of suicidal people online, and the sooner or later, all this stuff really got close to me) I have major trust issues ever since then and I've been diagnosed with major depression and a possible dependent personality disorder. There might be more but I never wanted to dig deeper than that. I've been in therapy since over a year and have made great recovery, left depression behind me and am left with dysthymia. (Same symptoms as depression, but not as bad as they are during depression). My therapist also believes that I might be hypersensible (I don't know if this translates like that. In german it's ""Hochsensibilität"" or ""Hypersensibel"". I'm sure you'll find more information about it if you search it online) I believe so as well.
 Keep in mind please, I'm not writing this because ""look at me, I'm so poor"", but because I want to inform you that this backstory makes me the person I am, and that all of this what I'll be writing now is not something I take lightly, but rather have been caring around on my shoulders for quite some time.
  
 So, how it all started off:
 There's a lot of stuff that happened, so I'll try and keep it short. We met about 1 1/2 years ago online, and I quickly fell in love with her. As it later turned out, so did she. Last year at the end of the summer, I introduced her to a group of friends, after she ended her relationship with her psychological abusive boyfriend. We'd hang out on a discord server daily. I really wanted to get into a relationship with her. I have never in my entire life loved a person like I love her, but I was still  afraid that this might turn out like my last relationship, so I got together with another girl I really liked at the time. Turns out we didn't really have much in common, so I ended it (after being scared about it for 2 months because she has major depression and was constantly cutting herself and I was really afraid she might kill herself because of that)
 Not much time later, my current girlfriend and I got together. For one week. That's when another guy from our group proposed to her, that he loves her as well. Apparently, she had the same feelings for him and loves us both, so it turned to a weird back and forth between us three. Her not wanting to decide for one, because she didn't want to hurt anyone, and us trying to stay back as much as possible because we didn't want to ruin our friendship. Long story short, she and I got together and our friendship was more or less ruined. However, they still stayed in contact.
 Another guy from our group apparently has feelings for her as well. I talked with him about it, but he denied, so did everyone else I talked about with. Call me paranoid, but I knew he lied. I knew for six months straight, but only one or two weeks ago, my girlfriend confirmed this. He didn't want to talk to me about it because he thought I'd get mad. Honestly, I'm more mad that people are once again keeping secrets from me than that he has a crush on my girlfriend.
 So, what exactly is my problem here:
 Every time she comes to visit, most of us end meeting up, a lot of the time. Those two guys almost always included. My girlfriend is a VERY open-minded person, some might call it naive though. She enjoys cuddling with everyone, no matter who it is, which I'm really happy for her, because there aren't many people that can enjoy ""just cuddling"" like she does. We had some talks about it and she now stopped cuddling with other people for the most part (while I'm around), since it really hurt me seeing her cuddling with someone else. That's at least something.
 However, we're still meeting up with them, and she's still talking to them on Discord, and they're all still doing stuff together. It hurts me to see this, because both of them more or less never really got there hopes down of someday coming together with her.
 It hurts me, because one of those two has the audacity to come into my home, and cuddle with my girlfriend, right while I sit next to them - still hasn't admitted to loving her though. Just to clear up - she doesn't like it either. He likes to ruffle through her hair and cuddle up against her, and she doesn't like it at all. She's told him so multiple times, also that he'll never have a chance at having a relationship with her and that she doesn't love him.
 The situation is very complicated. The other guy suggested we two break up, because we often have fights. But I suppose he doesn't know that most of these fights are related to the two of them.
 I tried talking to her a lot about this, but I have a feeling this won't get me anywhere. She's a very sweet person and doesn't want to hurt anyone. She doesn't want to break contact with them, neither to they. I can understand that, and while I still like those guys, I think it would be much easier if all of them would just take a step back and wait until this has resolved. Preferably in the two of them getting over her, because none of them will ever have a chance with her, and it's just saddening to see them being depressed every time we meet up.
 I don't want to be the ""dick"" that tells any of them to break contact. But I also want to have fun with my girlfriend when we meet up with those friends, and not have to worry about not cuddling or kissing in front of anyone. I don't want to be part of this constant fight over ""who gets her"", when this has already been decided months ago.
 I don't know what to do anymore. I certainly don't want to end this relationship. That's not an option for me. But what are my other options?
  
 Thanks to anyone who read through this mess. I'm a little upset right now, and read through most parts multiple times, but there might have been some mistakes. If anything is unclear, please ask and I'll try my best to answer your questions. Thank you."
"I (26F) don't want my (23M) boyfriend to leave me alone  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  I (26F) don't want my (23M) boyfriend to leave me alone  Hey everyone, I am looking for unbiased advice on this subject. I think that there are no solutions in which all of the parts are happy, so I would like to understand which would be the best option. And also, I'd like to know if I'm being to unreasonable or emotional about it.
 I (26F) live in the capital city of my country, six hours away from where my boyfriend (23M) lives. We've been in a LDR for two years and three weeks ago he came to visit. This was the same weekend that the corona virus blew up in our country, so instead of going back home, he stayed with me until now.
 We are doing well on our own, we have a great relationship, have fun, take care of the apartment and our cat together. I love that he is here, I'm really happy that we are together since we usually see each other for a couple of days at a time.
 However, I know that things are not black and white. I can understand he misses home. His parents are worried that he's away in case anything happens to them or him. They constantly ask him for when he is going back, send him information regarding travel tickets, and generally express how much they wish he was with them. I completely understand this, I understand that they are his parents and must be really anxious of being far away in case anything should happen.
 This has affected my boyfriend, he also misses them and I understand that their messages also put pressure on him. He has been tweeting about missing his mother and wanting to be back at his city. I really try to not take this personally. If I were in his situation I'd probably feel the same, no matter how much I liked being with my SO. I understand that he wants his parents to be calm, and that he misses his pets, his room, and friends.
 The problem is the following: I've been diagnosed with major depressive episodes. Just last night I was triggered by a phone called and cried for at least an hour. It was really hard to overcome, and the fact that he was there with me really helped me and comforted me. I am currently on a psychiatric medical leave for a month, so I have a lot of free time. Since we are on lockdown I'm afraid that being all alone will affect me emotionally. I'm not proud about this, feeling that 'I need' someone in order to be okay makes me feel terrible, but it's also the reality I'm in right now.
 We've been contemplating different solutions, but none of them seem to leave everyone involved satisfied:
   He stays with me in my city. This would make me very happy, but I know that it would create a strain between my bf and his parents, who really want him to go home. Also, I know he misses his place and wants to be with his family and pets.
   He leaves for his home. This would make him and his parents happy, but leaves me dealing with myself all alone. The thing about this is that he won't be able to return for God knows how long. We usually see each other 2-3 times a month but I don't think that we'll be able to do that now. I don't know when we'll be able to be together again.
   We both leave and stay at his house. For me, going to my mom's house is not a choice. We have different ways of seeing the world and she kind of believes that my depression is mostly for lack of praying. I don't want to be in lockdown with that kind of pressure. My father's house is not an option either because he has two babies and virtually no space for another person (plus he hates cats). So going to my bf's parents is the only option for us being in the same city. The problem is that he lives in a very crowded house, and I feel that eventually I would feel choked there. His mom knows of my mental problems, and she worries a lot. I know this, so I would try my hardest to seem okay, even if I'm not. I have a really messed up sleeping and eating schedule, and I know that she would be very worried and trying to force me to eat/sleep. I appreciate so much that she does this, she's really nice, but it's again a lot of pressure to try to pretend that I'm doing okay to make her feel calmer.
   Am I being completely unreasonable about this? What do you think is the best option here? Should he stay? If he does, should I feel guilty about it? Should he leave? If he does, do you have any advice for me being by myself? Should we both leave? Any advice on the relationship with my MIL?
 I'd really appreciate your input, whatever it is or however tough truth it is. I am really biased and need an impartial opinion. Thank you in advance."
"I (26F) don't want my boyfriend (23M) to leave.  Advice Received  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  I (26F) don't want my boyfriend (23M) to leave.  Advice Received  Hey everyone, I am looking for unbiased advice on this subject. I think that there are no solutions in which all of the parts are happy, so I would like to understand which would be the best option. And also, I'd like to know if I'm being to unreasonable or emotional about it.
 I (26F) live in the capital city of my country, six hours away from where my boyfriend (23M) lives. We've been in a LDR for two years and three weeks ago he came to visit. This was the same weekend that the corona virus blew up in our country, so instead of going back home, he stayed with me until now.
 We are doing well on our own, we have a great relationship, have fun, take care of the apartment and our cat together. I love that he is here, I'm really happy that we are together since we usually see each other for a couple of days at a time.
 However, I know that things are not black and white. I can understand he misses home. His parents are worried that he's away in case anything happens to them or him. They constantly ask him for when he is going back, send him information regarding travel tickets, and generally express how much they wish he was with them. I completely understand this, I understand that they are his parents and must be really anxious of being far away in case anything should happen.
 This has affected my boyfriend, he also misses them and I understand that their messages also put pressure on him. He has been tweeting about missing his mother and wanting to be back at his city. I really try to not take this personally. If I were in his situation I'd probably feel the same, no matter how much I liked being with my SO. I understand that he wants his parents to be calm, and that he misses his pets, his room, and friends.
 The problem is the following: I've been diagnosed with major depressive episodes. Just last night I was triggered by a phone called and cried for at least an hour. It was really hard to overcome, and the fact that he was there with me really helped me and comforted me. I am currently on a psychiatric medical leave for a month, so I have a lot of free time. Since we are on lockdown I'm afraid that being all alone will affect me emotionally. I'm not proud about this, feeling that 'I need' someone in order to be okay makes me feel terrible, but it's also the reality I'm in right now.
 We've been contemplating different solutions, but none of them seem to leave everyone involved satisfied:
   He stays with me in my city. This would make me very happy, but I know that it would create a strain between my bf and his parents, who really want him to go home. Also, I know he misses his place and wants to be with his family and pets.
   He leaves for his home. This would make him and his parents happy, but leaves me dealing with myself all alone. The thing about this is that he won't be able to return for God knows how long. We usually see each other 2-3 times a month but I don't think that we'll be able to do that now. I don't know when we'll be able to be together again.
   We both leave and stay at his house. For me, going to my mom's house is not a choice. We have different ways of seeing the world and she kind of believes that my depression is mostly for lack of praying. I don't want to be in lockdown with that kind of pressure. My father's house is not an option either because he has two babies and virtually no space for another person (plus he hates cats). So going to my bf's parents is the only option for us being in the same city. The problem is that he lives in a very crowded house, and I feel that eventually I would feel choked there. His mom knows of my mental problems, and she worries a lot. I know this, so I would try my hardest to seem okay, even if I'm not. I have a really messed up sleeping and eating schedule, and I know that she would be very worried and trying to force me to eat/sleep. I appreciate so much that she does this, she's really nice, but it's again a lot of pressure to try to pretend that I'm doing okay to make her feel calmer.
   Am I being completely unreasonable about this? What do you think is the best option here? Should he stay? If he does, should I feel guilty about it? Should he leave? If he does, do you have any advice for me being by myself? Should we both leave? Any advice on the relationship with my MIL?
 I'd really appreciate your input, whatever it is or however tough truth it is. I am really biased and need an impartial opinion. Thank you in advance."
"I (F19) found a message on my boyfriends (M18) phone to a friend about our relationship  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  I (F19) found a message on my boyfriends (M18) phone to a friend about our relationship  (((Sorry about any format/grammatical error I really do not care about that rn I’m baked and nauseous and can’t cry because my boyfriend is sleeping right next to me and my roommate is talking on discord.)))
 I’m gonna quote texts I found as well as give some context from my POV.
 I’m not one to snoop but lately my bf has been weird about me touching his phone which has never been an issue. Tonight while my bf was asleep I picked up his phone and I think I found out why.
 I found a message on his phone from later last month (about 3 weeks ago) saying he doesn’t know if I’m the one he wants to spend the rest of his life with. He goes on to say it’s because he’s been in a slump and I’ve been clingy and “tiring” (which I’m overly aware of and kinda hate myself for and I’m doing my best to stop doing that as much.) he also said ending things would be heartbreaking for him because “she (myself) is literally one of the only people who’ve actually put in an effort to love me and be with me. So I’m stuck” he includes how he’s been not as close with god as well. (I am not a Christian, he is. We respect each other’s affiliations and-at least I thought-we didn’t allow it to effect our relationship)
 His friend replied to just talk with me about it
 He says “Yeah. I’m not sure. I can only imagine a lot of pain but in the long run it would end up well... not for her though because she makes me feel like when I came into her life I like saved her kind of. She wasn’t happy at all till she met me and idk what would happen if I left.”
 (He’s told me this before on a surface level and I’ve tried to reassure him over and over that I would eventually be okay in the long run even though I would absolutely hate to have to. I didn’t know it effected him so much. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and I have tried and tried to explain to him the way my brain works. To be honest I’m not even completely sure how it works.)
 His friend said that it’s not fair for me to put that pressure on him weather I mean to or not, and she gives him some advice including prayer, writing it down and communication.
 I am just sitting on my bed rn shaking. I’m nauseated and freezing and I don’t know what to do. He is the sweetest, most caring person and I hate that I’ve made him feel so shitty and he didn’t even tell me about it. Am I that shitty? Am I that hard to talk to? When we do talk I feel like I’m being level-headed. Do I pretend I didn’t see it? Please help me, Reddit."
"I [24F] can't communicate negative emotions with bf [26M] of 1y. I need help  Personal issues  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I [24F] can't communicate negative emotions with bf [26M] of 1y. I need help  Personal issues  Some background on me before I get into this. I grew up in a home where almost everything I did was wrong, most if not all my questions were stupid, crying was reserved for death, and if I didn't already know how to do something, even if it was the first time I was doing it, I was useless. So, I ended up trying to make everyone around me like me, and grew up never really talking about my emotions until I met my best friend when I was 17. Even then we don't really talk much about negative emotions unless I'm having a really really bad depressive/suicidal episode. I also have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and combo type ADD/ADHD if that matters/helps. Now, onto the issues!
 I have a very hard time communicating emotions in general, but I have the hardest time with any type of negative emotion. Often times when I feel sad or upset it comes in a rush and I'll be happy and okay one second, and then curled in a ball on the floor the next. These episodes usually consist of a lot of suicidal/depressive thoughts that feel like my/another voice screaming at me that I'm not good enough and that everyone around me would be better off without me. Followed by my desperate inner voice telling me that I should just self harm to keep the voice down, which I try really really hard not to do especially since I haven't self harmed in about 11-10 months now. Whenever this happens I don't really feel like I know what exactly triggered it or know or accept that I am, in fact, upset. My body language apparently becomes very tense and comes off as me being angry/annoyed, and I become very quiet as opposed to my usual happy-go-lucky, bubbly self.
 Whenever these events happen my boyfriend will ask me whats wrong, and because I shut down he'll get kinda anxious that he had done something wrong or worried that something is wrong. He'll ask me if I'm upset with him, and it kinda makes me more upset but I don't know if thats just part of the whole depressive episode or just because I get annoyed at people asking if youre ok all the time. My bf is also someone who... I wouldn't say that he 'requires' a lot of communication, but he is very big on it. He likes to know what is going on, which I really appreciate because in all other aspects of our relationship it works wonders and overall we're really happy together. However, because of my huge lack of communication when I shut down, it really annoys him when this happens because sometimes I will act very upset and cold to him and he doesn't know why. Usually after one of these episodes like the next morning or day when I finally calm down, we'll talk about it, and I have expressed that I would like to work on communicating with him more and that I'll work on it.
 Now, all of that sounds all well in good, but my problem is the actual practice. When I shut down, I can still make side comments or mutter things that don't matter, but if asked a direct question about how I feel, what is wrong, why I'm doing this etc it feels like my mouth is glued shut and my vocal cords don't work. Most of the time I won't even talk for like half a day afterwards. I find it almost impossible to even say 'I'm not ok' or 'I feel sad' when it begins. More often than not, I don't even feel like anything is wrong until I'm smack dab in the middle of it and realize o ok depression thanks. I'm pretty sure half the time my bf realizes what's happening before I do, and by then he's already exasperated with me. We've gotten into a number of arguments because he thinks I'm just straight up being rude or that I'm just ignoring him, and because he does overthink a lot it will ruin his whole day or make it hard for him to sleep at night until we talk about it. A lot of times if he talks to me about it when I'm still in my feelings, I end up storming out of the room or refusing to hug or touch him which is always very out of character because we're super touchy feely outside of these particular events. He says he feels as if I'm purposely ghosting him and it hurts him. I really do want to get better at this, and at least come up with some type of communication tactic or compromise. I love my bf so much, and I don't want to hurt him. I just need some advice because I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't know how to talk. I need help
  TL;DR: Depressive episodes make me come off as cold/angry while I shut down and refuse to communicate with bf who stresses the importance of communication. How do I overcome/find a compromise for this?"
"i almost killed myself, again  Close  17  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  i almost killed myself, again  hello everyone,
 this is my first time posting here. maybe i could get some help here, or at least feel a little better?
 so... this is my story: i used to hate myself so much, i think about death a lot since i was in junior high. i never spoke much, i enjoyed drawing during my free time or when i don't think about death. (i was just curious what happens when i die)
 during high school days, i starved and hurt myself. i did not know that i was having an eating disorder. almost no one cared or bothered to notice what was happening to me. not even my family. ""friends"" that i knew, made up rumours that i abused drugs that's why i ""lost"" so much weight. i almost killed myself unintentionally. my period stopped for months, i was in so much pain everyday. (still not realising that i have eating disorder) doctors suspect i have cancer, stomach ulcer, but none of the doctors could explain what was really happening to me. it only dawned on me when i went to college when i had to do a project about ""myself"", that when i realized i suffered from anorexia nervosa and bulimia. until today, i am still bulimic.
 fast foward my college life, i didn't graduate. i dropped out during my last year in college because my parents divorced, my dad had another kid with another woman, my mom failed her business, she's still in debt till today. she is working 72 hours a week to support my brother and i. i was doing 2 part-time jobs during my college years. i was bullied (verbally and cyber-bullied) by ""friends"" whom i thought were my true friends during my last year of college. i fell apart. i gave up school. i hated it so much. i dropped out, worked full-time. cried. did not sleep for months. i barely ate anything for 2 months. i looked so fucked. just like christian bale in the machinist.
 one day i just couldn't take it anymore. i attempted suicide the very first time. i ate about 60 pills (hydroxyzine 25mg and paracetamol 500mg) i could find at home and downed it with red wine. the taste of the pills and wine was so gross i wished i had more guts to kill myself by other methods. but i did anyways. 30 minutes later, i was still crying and smoking my lungs out. i still couldn't sleep. i felt so helpless and hopeless, like im stuck in the deepest part of the ocean screaming to get up but all i did was to drown myself. i took more pills. i locked my door, closed my curtains and crashed on my bed. i let out my last tear and my eyes closed slowly. i could feel my shallow breathing, my heart beat is much slower, like everything is coming to a stop. it didn't stop though. hours later i woke up and vomited my life out. (sarcasm) so... yeah, i failed my attempt. no one knew i attempted to kill myself that day.
 moving on, i felt guilt, extreme loneliness, and feeling sad all the time. guilt because i know that if i end my life, im being a fucked up person for leaving my family but at the same time i feel like no one cares whether i live or die. i always feel worthless. until i started dating. oh how love can make us feel like the most happiest being on earth. it didn't last. 4 years together, we were about to get a house together. i found out that he was cheating on me. he was violent, abusive in both ways, verbally and physically, i remembered how i was dragged around and pushed to the ground. i was hit on a concrete ledge. my back hurt so much, my hair was tangled in the bushes. bruises everywhere. i was terrified and traumatized. i have no idea why i stayed. i attempted again because of him, but my friend came in time to rescue me. i decided to leave and i never felt better.
 again, happiness did not last for me. for years i have trouble finding a stable job because i lack of education qualifications. i tried so many jobs and each job intensifies my fear. i can't get along with colleagues, everyone seems so fake to me. i fell into the darkness, again. this time, i did not think of death, instead i went to seek professional help. i am diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. apparently, i had it for at least 9-12 years. the psychiatrist prescribed me a few medications, some worked, some didn't.. after a few months of treatment i gave up. i don't have enough money to treat myself. but i kept stashes of medication till today. on days when i feel triggered, i would take wellbutrin with amitriptyline to manage my mood and sleep.
 few days ago, i felt so tired of my life, i tried my best to do all i can, i tried to be honest with my own feelings and face them, accept them. i tried to self-heal. i tried talking to my boyfriend, friends and family. my boyfriend is the most caring, gentle man i ever met. he gives me all the attention in the world, he loves me for who i am and i love him so much. but why do i not feel better? i just couldn't hold my life together anymore. i cried in the bathroom for two hours whole staring at the kitchen knife in my hands, feelings of guilt and loneliness. loneliness... it is the worst. i was about to kill myself again. i dropped the knife and continued crying my eyes out. i realise, i didn't want to die. i just want the pain to go away... i don't want to be selfish and angry at my life anymore but i really don't know what to do with my fucked up brain. i need help.
 to anyone who reads this, thank you for reading my story and to anyone who is suffering too, you are not alone. life is precious even though it is a struggle. please don't end your life. please seek help.
 i am fighting for my life too."
"I always thought something was wrong with me and that I overreacted to things my parents said and did. Now, I am pretty certain I was raised by two narcs and these were complete moms games.  [Support]  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I always thought something was wrong with me and that I overreacted to things my parents said and did. Now, I am pretty certain I was raised by two narcs and these were complete moms games.  [Support]  I am really impressed by the amount of young people who are on here and recognize their parents for what they are.  Build boundaries now!!!
 I am new here (first post— sorry In advance for the length of the post) and never really thought of my parents as narcs, but the more I read on here, the more I think they are.
 So here goes:
 I am a 44(F) and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder.  I probably have had it well into my teens but it became a huge problem while I was in law school.   In my last year I actually tried to kill myself.   Just existing was so exhausting.  I started therapy and then started studying for the bar exam and everything fell to the wayside.
 Backing up to my childhood my nmom was an ER nurse and my ndad was a police officer.  They often worked opposite shifts so daycare wasn’t an issue.   Ndad was a horribly violent alcoholic.  He would regularly abuse my brother and I when my nmom worked evenings.   It was terrifying.   We never knew which personality would show up that day.   When things got really bad I would hide with my little brother under my bed.  I would put him between me and the wall so if my dad found us, he would get me first.
 My mom didn’t really do much when these things occurred but make excuses for his disease and that he truly loves us and then reminded us that we don’t talk to anyone outside of our family about it.
 Our teachers weren’t stupid, we would come to school with all types of bruises and black eyes.   But this was the 1980’s and the school was scared of my ndad because he was a cop.  Oh, did I mention that he was a detective in the Child Victim Unit?   He spent his days investigating child abuse and arresting the abusers.   Oh the irony.
 The police were called to our house on a pretty regular basis, normally a neighbor would call.  Again it’s the 80’s so my mom, my brother and I were told to find somewhere else to stay and they told my dad to sleep it off.  We lived in multiple different places over the years.  Couch surfing at my mom’s friend’s houses and spent a while living in a domestic violence shelter (you know, those shelters that no one knows where they are except for the police... so yeah).
 Eventually we would end up back home.  Promises made and quickly broken.   As we got older my brother and I would BEG my nmom to divorce my dad but she never would.    They remain married to this day and basically hate each other.  They scream and fight all day long.
 Fast forward to me working as a prosecutor on child abuse cases.   I get married and two years later have a little girl.  I was so so so happy.   We wanted one more and I got pregnant with twins.   So I work for the government and the cost of daycare was more than I made.   So my husband and I decide that I will stay home until they are in school.
 Lost all sense of self and that depression sets in.   I hate being home.  I miss my job.  I love my kids so much but I am a better mom when I work outside the home.   Staying home was the hardest job I ever had.
 Four years later I go back to work.   Depression still there.   Just can never be happy.   My mom alternates between telling me I need therapy and telling me therapy is useless because all they want to do is blame the parents for everything.
 I tried therapy and made I big break through.   I always thought I was mad at my dad.  I am.   Growing up that way was horrible, but I also realized I was more mad at my mom for failing to protect us.   I finally asked her why she never left him, knowing that he was beating us when she was at work.   She looked at me and said she didn’t leave him because I was a selfish and materialistic child and would have never been satisfied with having to live on one salary.   She said I was ungrateful and greedy and she didn’t want to hear me complain about not getting the things I wanted, she decided to stay.   I was speechless.
 Time goes on and about 1-1.5 years ago my depression is at its worst.  I withdraw from everything and everyone.   My husband is doing 99% of the work and it makes me feel horrible that I can’t manage to get out of bed and help.  I feel like I really don’t contribute anything to the family.  Like I could just walk away and they would just keep going along normally.   I tried to talk to my husband about everything but his childhood was the polar opposite of mine and he just couldn’t imagine that happening.
 I confided in someone I work with and that person understood.   About 6 months ago, I had an affair with that person.   It lasted 4 months.   My husband found out and was understandably angry.   He demanded that I tell my family.  So I went to my parents and told them.  My dad was not happy with my actions but said what’s done is done and we will support you.  My mom told him to speak for himself and she was disgusted by me and stormed off.
 After this, I immediate start back in therapy.
 The next month I would get texts several times a day from my mom telling me what a shitty person I am and that I am morally bankrupt.    Right after I would receive these texts, my husband would receive a text from her telling him that they love him and will do whatever they can to support him.
 One of the few times, I saw her face-to-face during this time period, she told me that if my husband and I separated and/or divorced, I would destroy my children’s lives.   I kind of laughed for a second and pointed out the irony of her telling that to me.   I told her that I found it hilarious she would say that to me, when she allowed an abusive alcoholic beat her kids for over a decade and did nothing to protect us.  She looked me dead in the eyes and said “aren’t you ever going to get over that?”    Yep, she really said that.
 Finally I just ignore her texts and she gets bored.   I still want my kids to see their grandparents and they are very close to my parents.
 THEN, I find out that my parents were having dinner at my brother and SIL’s house, along with her parents.   My dad told me that everyone there was talking shit about me all evening.   He said that my mom was telling everyone that she didn’t think I had depression and that I was manipulating my health care providers and she believes I have undiagnosed and unmedicated BP.   I told my husband this and he disclosed that my mom had called him the week prior to tel l him that she had contacted a doctor that she worked in the ER with (20-25 years prior) and told him my situation and they both decided I had BPD.  My mom wanted my husband to research it and watch for the symptoms.   She also told him that she thinks my “sexual promiscuity” is the beginning of some sort of psychosis.
 Then I keep hearing more, she is going around telling everyone she knows what I did and all about her armchair diagnoses.   One on hand it it wasn’t surprising but at the same time, it was heartbreaking.   I am in therapy, my husband is in therapy and all my kid are in therapy and we are all working really hard to repair the hurt and pain and build the love and trust we used to have.
 My husband and I decided that we can not risk having my mom around the kids.   We can’t risk her derailing all of the work we have done.  I told my mom about the decision and it went as well as expected.   She then tried to go behind my back and try to see the kids through my husband.  He held his ground and told her that we had made the decision together.
 She sent him a long ranting text blaming him for not being able to see her grandkids and them also telling him that she feels she is being punished because I was the one who put “us” in this position.
 I can’t fathom how she thinks she factors in to my affair.   The situation involves me, my husband and my children.   Not her.
 She is blocked from all of our phones and from my social media.   I also had to block my dad because she will use his phone to continue the harassing texts.
 So......   Do my parents qualify as narcs??"
"I am 24 and have a history of anxiety, depression, high blood pressure, and OCD. I have suffered from these things all my life. I started meditating a week ago because I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and I am tired of feeling this way.
 I started by meditating ten to twenty minutes a day and it was helpful. My mind was screaming at me to stop and I found that I kept making excuses not to do it. I would tell myself that the bird outside was too loud or the construction next door would be too distracting so I started to do it in silence since I am very irritable when it comes to noises.
 Today a bird was chirping loudly and I told myself I'd just meditate after work. Then I realized that a fucking bird shouldn't stop me so I set a timer on my phone for 35 minutes and told myself I would meditate until it went off. At first it was annoying. The bird really pissed me off but the feeling went away.
 About fifteen minutes in I had to pee. Normally when I have to pee it's really distracting. As with the bird, that feeling went away. I was really calm and determined to do the 35 minutes. I made myself push through it.
 Around 25 minutes in, I started breathing heavily. I ignored it and tried to push through it. It kept getting worse, however. I was struggling to breathe. My chest also felt really tight. I haven't had a panic attack like this in a long time so I panicked and stood up. Standing up was difficult and I stumbled forward and almost fell. I looked at the time on my phone and I was two minutes short of the timer. I still am proud of myself for doing it that long, however.
 I decided to check my blood pressure to see if meditation actually brings it down. It was 109/80, which is really good. It's normally around 135/85. As I'm typing this, I still have that tight feeling in my chest and I have no idea why. I wasn't focused on any particular memory or anything negative.
 I feel really zoned out and kinda shaky. I plan on doing this on a daily basis but why would I panic like that? It obviously calmed me down since my blood pressure is lower than it ever has been. If anyone has any input, I'd appreciate it."
"I am 24 years old. I've really needed to talk about this for quite a while, and have lurked on Suicide Watch for about a day now. I fully realize other people have far more difficult lives than my own, and actually have decent excuses for their own despair.
 For myself? Not at all.
 Yet any stressful event causes me to lose hope, anything at all.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, and without my medication I would surely be dead now. For me, my condition manifests as a constant, almost desperate desire for death.
 When any sort of regret creeps into my mind, I immediately am bombarded with guilt and wish to die. If any memory comes to the surface of me being a prick, I wish to die. If I think about the bleak future I have since I have dropped out of college, I wish to die.
 There are things in my life that cause me to forget this death wish however. They are temporary and fleeting, and completely nonexistent in the night. If I am alone, I am overwhelmed with thoughts of suicide. I have tried to shoot myself before, but I am a coward, and was too afraid I wouldn't die immediately for any freakish reasons that occur in medicine.
 I have tried running into the wilderness, stranding myself from society, only to be picked up by an individual that saw my face on the news. I was weak, and accompanied him despite it all.
 My cousin put a rifle under his chin and pulled the trigger. He bled out in agony for hours before dying as my dad alone could only watch until the paramedics arrived. My dad had found my cousin in his room after his shift at work. Far too late.
 What can one do to restore a desire to live? I have medication, therapy, people who love me all around, a good sense of spirituality, no debt...I am pathetic. I want my life to end.
 If I knew a way to end it in a non-horrific way with no way of turning back, I would do so."
I am a past mental health patient.  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I am a past mental health patient.  In the past year I've been to 2 mental health hospitals for a total of about 30 days all together. I've been diagnosed with major depression, anxiety, and PTSD. I've been on multiple perception drugs (I did not abused them) and am now on only one mental health related drug. Ask me anything.
I am diagnosed with clinical depression. I am off of my meds. My counselor wants me back on my meds. I call my doctor to try to get back on them and I am told it will be a  2 MONTH  wait for his next available appointment. I do not know what to do. But I do know that I can not make strides with my depression if I'm going to be held back by the healthcare system for so long. Does anyone know other avenues besides a Primary care provider to get back on my meds? Should I find a psychiatrist to work in conjunction with my counselor so my wait times are not so crazy?
I am diagnosed with major depression disorder and i have conscription.  Close  2  Posted by  5 months ago  I am diagnosed with major depression disorder and i have conscription.  Hello. First of all, sorry for my english since i'm not fluent by any means. I am a citizen in the United Arab Emirates, and i am 19 years old. I have depression, severe social anxiety and i've had a suicide attempt before at high school when which then led my parents to withdraw my files and drop me out to continue education in home. I've never been diagnosed before because i can't be committed/obliged into doing something or going somewhere, and now that the conscription time was approaching i was severely distressed and couldn't handle the urge to kill myself, i could barely function and my stomach was making noises when i'm not hungry, i felt non-existent from the pain and the distress that i had, anyways a day went by terribly and i went to the conscription (not knowing anything) i've written a whole lot of papers, personal information about me and my family and i signed about adhering to conscription and be there after 3 months.. and i never saw that coming, but then they told me i have another place to go and see the psychiatrist, and i couldn't believe that i will be left with that miserable distress for one week to know the answer of my fate. so i went there a week after and i've went inside to see the military psychiatrist, he immediately said that we can't proceed without a pre-diagnosis file, so he directed me to a hospital to be diagnosed, we left and i can't describe how i was emotionally i was crying all these days and my eyes were literally swollen thinking that there is no way they would exempt me. so i let one of my siblings to take an appointment and i went there after a week to see the psychiatrist, he diagnosed me with "Major Depression Disorder) and he wrote brief details about me having death wishes, being self-neglect and not showering, home education, easily provoked, psychotic features show no deny of homicidal and suicidal thoughts etc etc. and he said that why are you focused on getting exempted instead of being treated, and he said you must proceed with the treatment and visit weekly, but i obviously don't want to adhere to that, and i didn't go to take an appointment, i just needed the diagnosis paper to show to the military psychiatrist. tomorrow morning i'm going there to present the paper, and i am completely awful i can't think of anything but to kill myself if they enlisted me, and i have no friends or anyone to talk about regarding this matter, which forced me to make a reddit account to, hopefully, get an answer whether they will take my disorder seriously and exempt me or i will be conscripted. please i need someone to see the country/govt laws and look into the matter whether i'd exempted permanently or not.. i'm seriously by all means dying right here from this bizarre feeling
I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, as well as panic disorder, social phobia, and ADHD. I do not want this video to come across as ungrateful for what I have. I am appreciative for the ability to get help and those in my life who encourage me. I am not asking for pity, for I can do that perfectly well on my own. I want to share my story and hope others can relate or find interest. This channel will be used as a positive outlet for self-expression. I want to keep things honest and sincere. Thank you for watching! Peace and love, Kat.
"I am in love with a girl. We dated for about 2 years until things went down hill. After being away for the summer I came back to a very distant girl. I came back from working all summer so I could study abroad with her during 2nd semester of this school year. I was back for about 2 weeks and we had sex 3 times, 2 of which she fell asleep before either of us finished. I have struggled with depression my whole life and was really struggling and needed someone to be there for me when I wanted to hurt myself. Then she dumped me. Since then I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and learned a lot about love and how it means doing what is best for the other person. I feel much better, and I want to tell her. But during the month between the breakup and now she filed a no contact order through the university we go through, meaning I can't contact her. I think something bad happened with her but I have no idea because of how distant she acted. I need someone to tell me her perspective or to just stay away or something.
 TLDR: Want to contact an Ex girlfriend who became suddenly very distant and then filed a no contact order through the university (no evidence required)."
"i am just so exhausted  Close  23  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  i am just so exhausted  Im (22F) currently in an inpatient centre because i have been struggling for 8 years now, been through a misdiagnosis of BPD and finally have been diagnosed with Major depressive disorder and severe anxiety. But whatever im managing. Ive finally created a reddit account because i dont know where next to go. Im on my third week of inpatient and things were looking better, with changes in meds and an ongoing care plan of outpatient and an awesome psychiatrist.
 Then i started going downhill three days ago. Im at a point where I just don't know if it's worth it and i feel so hopeless. I feel like I don't know what to do when I get depressed. Like I can't apply any of my DBT/CBT skills or the distractions are just short lasting and i feel like i won't recover and will just have to wait until it passes - which is days or weeks, where as if my anxiety isn't manageable or I have a really bad panic attack I can have a small dose of Valium. I can't keep going on. Im just so exhausted. Im barely making it to group and all functioning has gone down (showering, routine , etc) and this is while im inpatient.
 Does anyone have any suggestions or any advice ?"
"I am looking into the antidepressant effects of ketamine, and other compounds with similar antidepressant efficacy. According to  this  press release from 2016, a metabolite of ketamine called hydroxynorketamine (HNK) is actually responsible for the anti-depressant effects through the mechanism of rapid AMPA activation, not NMDA inhibition like previously thought.
 2F-DCK is almost identical to ketamine.  2-Chloro-2'-Oxo-PCM  (Ketamine) vs  2-Fluoro-2'-Oxo-PCM  (2F-DCK). The only difference is 2F-DCK's substitution of ket's chlorine with a fluorine. Given how that chlorine molecule is noticeably unaffected in the metabolism of ketamine to HNK, I'm sure we can assume the metabolism process would be identical for 2F-DCK, and it would be metabolized into 2-Fluorodeschlorohydroxynorketamine (2F-DCHNK).
 Clearly little to no research has been done on this chemical. It is the little-known metabolite of a little-known designer drug ketamine analog. But we know HKN activates AMPA which somehow causes anti-depressant effects, and we know 2F-DCK has very similar effects to ketamine. Not much history of human use is known of 2F-DCK, but it is known that effects are extremely similar to ketamine at extremely similar doses, so similar in fact some users fail to tell the difference between the two drugs. Of course research needs to be done on 2F-DCK, but is there any reason to believe 2F-DCHNK  wouldn't  be just as effective of an anti-depressant as HNK, active at and produced at similar dosages in the same subject when metabolized from the same quantities of 2F-DCK or ketamine respectively?
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression for five years and have been showing symptoms for more than a decade, and I'm only 23 years old. I will soon get ahold of a good quantity of 2F-DCK. I believe it is racemic but I will confirm. If I were to make a 2F-DCK nasal spray and follow the  dosing guide for Spravato , the FDA approved esketamine depression medication, should I make any dosage adjustments (in quantity or frequency) or anything like that? Should I expect this treatment to be as effective as using racemic ketamine? I have already been planning on buying racemic ketamine for this purpose, and I am getting this 2F-DCK for free, so unless you're trying to talk me out of it because 2F-DCK won't work or is dangerous in some way, please don't try to talk me out of this treatment. Thanks for any info though!"
I am nearly 30 years old, and am finding myself in what I hope is not an individual problem. I have been diagnosed with major depression and social anxiety, bordering on a phobia. I am on medication, and I am in regular counseling, but I am still struggling. I have come to accept that when I go to visit family or friends I have known for years, I will likely always get that light, airy feeling in my chest, the dry mouth, and sweaty palms I get now. I never liked to go to friends' homes as a kid unless my mother or sister was going to stay the whole time too. These were friends I had know literally since birth - our mothers were pregnant together. Our sisters were friends. But I was still far older than I should have been before I was able to spend a whole night at a friend's without crying and making my parents come for me. Even in high school, I would have a strange uneasy feeling - almost like guilt - when I would spend the night at a friend's house. Until high school, all my friends were "insta-friends." But in high school we moved to a bigger city. I felt ill-equipped to make friends, so I spent the first six months eating in the handi-capped stall at lunch. I never initiated contact. One time, a girl told me, as a thank-you for helping her with her school work, I could have lunch with her, but just that once. The next day she found me alone and asked why I wasn't at their table. I told her she had said "just once." I had a varying group of acquaintances every year, and no contact during summer vacation. I have had no real experience making friends. I know a person can make friends at work, or join groups of people with similar interests, but where I get hung up is over thinking the situation. I am always afraid that if I ask someone to hang out, he or she will say "yes" even though that is not really what he or she wants. I don't know where the line is between actual friend, and work/church/club acquaintance. I am also dogged by the few times I have put myself out that, thinking a person was interested, or might be interested in getting more friendly, only to be either out-right rejected, or to have a non-committal response. My psychologist has been very supportive, and encourages me to do more in-between appointments; and when I leave I am all gung-ho. But in a day or two, as I getting ready to go out and do something, or look into a group, I start having all these questions and doubts. Are there groups for people with social anxiety? Or special therapies? A way to go out into a social setting and kind of get coached so I can learn to read situations and gain confidence in myself?
I am not sure what I am looking for here, but I will write a bit anyways. Yes, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, but I would also like to know if there is anything else that could be possibly wrong with me. Allow me to present to you as much as I can of my present condition first. Atleast I am functional enough to  be able to write this. I have seen people so severely broken by mental illnesses that they were utterly, hopelessly, empty. Of anything. But anyways, I have been bombarded by thoughts for the past few months, and I do not want to go into the particulars of it, because I have adopted a new strategy which mean I deal with things by not dealing with them. I close the doors upon them, so to speak, so that they cannot interfere with my everyday functioning. I am am bad daughter, a bad friend, but a good person. But I have had this feeling this world isn't necessarily for the good. I mean, you can still do good, jsut don't expect to not be the more vulnerable one. The one that gets hurt more often. I am sure many can relate to this. Anyways, my thoughts are everywhere, and I love analyzing things, and I think that is going to get me in trouble because I often get obsessed with the "logical answer" to something, but alas, not everything is logical. As you can tell by my sentence structures, everything runs into everything. There is just too much going on in my head at one time. I try to catch one thing and there slips away another piece of important information. This is probably why I might even forget about mentioning something important here, I do not know. Anways, I encourage you to ask questions if you have any. I am also pretty sure that I am in a perpetual state of fear, and that my "loved ones" try to keep my alive by guilt-tripping me about the impact it will have on them. As if I didn't already have that particular piece of knowledge. As if I didn't live with that guilt everyday. I would like them to focus more on how to get me happy, instead of making me feel like it was a crime to be unhappy. Ok, I'm done venting. I am also constantly suicidal. Thought I had share that too. Please help me understand some of this.
"I am starting a deep EMT treatment today  Close  55  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I am starting a deep EMT treatment today  I have been diagnosed with major depression several times. Meds and shrinks don't help at all.
 My parents are paying for this expensive electro magnetic treatment. It is a lot of money which I am not very happy about...
 But I have hope and I am excited for the first time in forever, I hope this is finally it."
"I apologize in advance if the formatting looks weird, I’m typing this on my phone.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression around May of last year, but I have been suffering from it since I was a preadolescent. I know the cause of it, my psychiatrist and I went over it. Its mainly caused by my mother beating me (just enough that it doesn’t show) and being bullied. I was so stupid In elementary school that I didn’t know I was being bullied half of the time, but when I did figure it out, it made me feel even worse for being that dim witted. I think it is also important to mention that my depression worsened when I got my concussion, I started taking anti-depressant medications for 3 weeks right when I got my head hit. For me, my depression swings a lot. I need validation that I have depression and I’m not just ‘lazy’  or ‘unmotivated’. I am also female, so when its that time of the month, it just gets really fucked up. I always seem to try to convince myself that I don’t have it, or I try and push myself to make it go away. but I’ve had depression for such a long time that I don’t even know who I would be without it, I can’t remember a life without having depression which fucking sucks. both of my parents (and grandparents from my mothers side) have been diagnosed with depression. my dad hasn’t been clinically diagnosed, but it’s safe to say he has PTSD. I don’t want to go in depth in this, but trust me, I’ve talked about him to multiple of therapists and psychiatrist and they confirmed with me, the things that he went through would give anybody PTSD. he doesn’t believe in mental health, so it makes it that much harder for me to explain the things going on. these past couple of months my life has been amazing, I’m experiencing a euphoria that I have never witnessed before, but I am so nervous of the downfall. It always comes. I can already feel it edging on me, the suicidal thoughts, sudden outbursts of emotions, crying after any sort of sexual activity (I have no clue why that happens, I don’t know if anyone else experiences immense sadness after any type of sexual activity) but the thing is, I know I also revert back to these thoughts as a form of self defence for not getting attention, as weird as it sounds. if I see people drifting away or my friends getting closer to each other than to me, I present myself in a sick state to get their attention which I fucking hate. I’ve gotten it under control now. I hate opening up to other people, I always think they’re going to use it against me since I was bullied in elementary.  That sounds extremely contradictory to what I’m doing right now, but there is this weird underlying comfort that nobody here knows who i am, where I live, what i do for a living, nothing. I’ve opened up to a group of people for theatre team, not because I want to but because i had to.  Sometimes i really wish I didn’t. I talked about my suicide attempts,  my childhood trauma, and so many other things where I wish i just didn’t let loose.  I even had the police called on me from that same group of people because they thought I was going to kill myself because I made an extremely depressing post about how I was feeling. Which that then led to my coach, drama teacher, and another teacher to sit down with the whole team to talk about what happened, which more than half didn’t even knew it occurred. I used to get suicidal thoughts almost every 20-40 seconds, not exaggeration. I try to push past it, I really do, I’m doing so much better now. The only reason I’m still alive is the guilt. The guilt that my parents efforts were all for nothing, they risked everything to move to a first world country for a better future for their children, and I just through that all away. The guilt of causing my severely mentally ill best friend to kill herself, she has threatened to do that if I did, I care about her life more than mine. The guilt of my family looking down upon my parents. The guilt that I will cause people to feel emotions that they don’t want. I know family friends will be sad, I know this, but it still doesn’t  justify why I feel so lonely everyday. how can I, a young adult who has everything in her life, feel so lonely and depressed in a room full of people who love her. I can’t understand why I am like that. So these thoughts lead me here, lying in my bed at 2 am, fantasizing about killing myself but instead of giving in, typing this post. I wasn’t expecting it to be this long. Thank you for reading if you made it to the bottom, it truly means a lot. I would like to know if anyone else also has similar experiences like mine, feel free to comment below
  edit  I forgot to mention one of the other reasons haven’t tried to kill myself again. The pain of living with a disability scares me more than death itself. The chances of surviving with a permanent physical disability is so horrible to me, it’s like you’re being reminded everyday of what you have done."
"I called the police last night  Close  192  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  I called the police last night  So just some background about me: I’m 18, live in Canada, have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalised anxiety disorder, I am an active self harmer, constantly have suicidal thoughts,and have attempted suicide twice.
 Last night, I noticed that one of my really close friends posted something along the lines of “I’m sorry, I messed up. But don’t worry, I’ll be out of your life” she later sent me a message saying that if she doesn’t reply then I shouldn’t worry about it.
 So after I saw the post and her message (2hrs later) I noticed that she hasn’t been online since that post. As I have knowledge about the signs that suicidal people display as well as the things they might say, I was very confident that she was going to hurt herself in some way, possibly killing herself.
 I didn’t know what to do- I’ve been suicidal, and I’ve talked people out of suicide before, but never have I had this happen to me. I genuinely thought that she had done something already, seeing that she hadn’t been online in a long time.
 So I decided to call 911. It was the scariest phone call I’d ever made, and my anxiety didn’t make it any easier. But finally after a 30 min phone call, I hung up hoping that the police wouldn’t show up at her house only to find a dead body.
 Later that night, I received a phone call from my friend. She was stable, but only because the police reached her just in time. My friend sliced open her wrists and was on the verge of bleeding out.
 She’s now stable at the psych ward and she told me that someone out there was looking out for her. knowing that I helped save her life, made me stop feeling suicidal for a brief moment :)).
 EDIT: My first gold! Thank you!!"
"I can’t tell if I have depression or my N symptoms are worsening..  Question  Close  17  Posted by    (N1) Narcolepsy w/ Cataplexy    4 months ago  I can’t tell if I have depression or my N symptoms are worsening..  Question  I have been diagnosed since 2014. I have been prescribed Adderall IR 20 mg 3-4 times a day as needed  and taking it PRN (basically daily unless I have a day off from work and no chores/responsibilities. And I take 40-80 mg a day depending on the day.). Within the last 3 months I am just a bump on a log. I do not feel like I want to hurt myself or end my life, but everything takes so much effort. Showering, eating, socializing, even work! I can’t do anything without it being a whole ordeal and I’m usually exhausted by the time I get to work or start the task I’m trying to accomplish. I hate showering, I hate eating, I hate everything it’s just SO MUCH WORK! I just want to sleep. And with the snow (I’m in Minnesota) it’s even worse. A struggle to drive to work a struggle to drive to town to run errands.. everything! And I can’t tell if my N is just worsening and I need my meds adjusted, or if I’m developing depression symptoms again. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive disorder and Panic disorder w/out agoraphobia & prior to being diagnosed with Narcolepsy I was taking Celexa and Clonidine. I still take the Clonidine for anxiety, but the Celexa I was able to wean off of years ago. About 5-6 months ago we tried to add Celexa again and see, but I don’t feel comfortable taking it with Adderall. The two weeks I took it again at a low dose it caused tachycardia and gave me worse anxiety (I realize it was all probably in my head, but why suffer if it’s not necessary). So I decided it wasn’t going to work and informed my doctor of this. I’m not quite sure what’s going on, but I see my sleep specialist again on the 13th and I’m considering bringing it up again. The thing is, I’m not sure what they’re going to do about it? There doesn’t really seem like much to do for it other than more medication that I don’t want to add. I also have a bad habit of blowing it off. I’ll mention to my doctor and then follow with a “you know, but I’m still fine” type of thing and I’m tired of feeling like a 90 year old woman and I’m only 27! I just want to feel alive again. As alive as I can be with Narcolepsy.. I am doing a lot better in life financially and I am really pulling things together and doing well and in a good place financially, I’ve made new friends, but never see them because I’m so damn burnt out. There’s no reason I should feel so damn dead inside, so tired and exhausted. My job isn’t that hard. And my life isn’t that hard, but it feels like it is. This morning I woke up at 2:30 pm (I’m a bartender and work late so I sleep late) and when I opened my eyes I thought about everything I had to do before work at 6 pm (shower, feed the dogs, get dressed etc etc) and I wanted to cry. I just want to lay in bed all day and watch Tik Tok videos. I don’t want to do any of it. I don’t want to struggle through today in a brain fog. Does this sound like Narcolepsy worsening or depression? It’s hard to tell!! What do I do?!
 I’m not going to post a TLDR because everything is important and needs to be read. All the details are vital."
"I can't do this anymore  Close  3  Posted by    4 months ago  I can't do this anymore  I'll be 30 next year, I'm not where I imagined I'd be in life. I don't find any joy with the things i used to love doing. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and BPD. If that's not good enough, I have treatment resistant depression.
 After a shitty break up 3 years ago and not wanting to get into another relationship because I know I don't have it in me for another heartbreak. I started seeing this girl in February, and things were great and we used to see each other and talk all the time. But the last couple of weeks she has been distant, she doesn't talk to me like she used to.
 I started overthinking and expecting the worse till I just cried last night, expecting the one thing that's keeping me going and feeling content is gonna slip away.
 Sure enough a couple of hours ago she texted me saying she doesn't love me as much as I love her. I'm at a lost. I'm tired, it hurts, I can't do this anymore. I've got nothing else to live for, nothing to make me want to wake up again. I don't care about my job or anything else. I just want out now. I can't do this anymore. I really can't. My head hurts, everything hurts it's like happiness and peace of mind was never meant for me."
"I can't keep jobs, I'm lazy, and I'm ruining my relationship because of it.  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I can't keep jobs, I'm lazy, and I'm ruining my relationship because of it.  I've been jobless on and off for years now. I get one, it's great for a while, and then I quit because my anxiety has me puking and calling off sick to much or wanting to kill myself. Then the depression creeps back in. I do nothing but sleep all day, up to 12+ hours. I skate by on minimum up keep of my stupid body. I eat roughly one meal a day, sometimes it's ramen, sometimes it's a decent meal of canned foods when I can get myself together enough to cook.
 I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety and PTSD, I'm medicated and have a whole health team. But it's just so slow going trying to get me normal. I hate it. I know I should be calling my therapist about all this but I don't want to bother her. And I can't see her for weeks still. It's booked out.
 I live with my girlfriend of 5+ years, and our two cats. I love my SO to pieces. And the cats more so. We both laugh about it but agree we love our cats more than each other or ourselves. If there's anything I'm capable of it's at least taking care of them, SO included. Though sometimes I get moments of bitterness about it. That I'm willing to sacrifice my health for them.
 I'll go a whole day without eating if I can get through the stomach pains, but if I hear my partner complain about being hungry I'll be up on my feet and ready to make her food. Our cats luckily are also very vocal. But it's easier getting kibble in a bowl then preparing a meal. I feel bad about the times where I'll let a sigh slip out within earshot of her. Because it makes her feel like a burden. And while I'll tell her she's not till I die, she is at the same time, if only a little. But I can't say that to her. What's it going to accomplish? Making her feel bad? Make it so she stops talking to me because she'll be scared that she's annoying me? It's a useless thing to tell her.
 I have tried explaining to her that I wish she'd get her own food. But I realize she's like me. She'd rather just sit and starve, not in like-an aggressive way, but that getting food is a struggle, maintaining your body is hard, but I hate hearing her say that. I know it's hypocritical of me too.
 We don't have a lot of money, we rely on what little money or groceries we get from both her parents and mine. I'll occasionally beg my parents for 'gas money' and then we'll blow it on fast food. We make excuses up and down about it being a treat, to help us feel better. And because we barely have any food at home.
 It's noon, I'm supposed to be up job hunting. We both had a breakdown last night because we have 3 1/2 weeks to get jobs or make rent or else we have to move back in with her family. The apartment unit we live in is owned by her parents. So we've been getting a family discount. But when I lost my last job they were leaniant enough to let us live here rent free and pay our electric. We lost internet a month or two ago,  our old roommate had been paying for it. Now we're  using our friends. It's been probably close to 6 months now. They've been increasingly telling us to get jobs. Her father losing his job was the final straw.
 But we can't move back. We've lived with them before and it was worse. My SO has flat out said she'll kill herself if we move back. Not to mention they'll make us get rid of our cats.
 I know I need a job. But I'm scared. I haven't voiced this to my SO as much as I probably should. But I'm terrified of going back to work. What if I lose the job? What if my anxiety flairs up? Im scared of feeling the absolute crushing feeling of wanting to die because I'm so stressed. I want to die now so what would working do to me? By the time I had started calling in sick at my last job I was having intrusive impulses to swerve into trees, or traffic on the way back home. What if I follow through at the next place? I'm scared. I want to die and also I don't. I hate it. I wish something else would just kill me.
 But, because of this fear I've realized I love art. Or at least, that doing art for money isn't as scary as I used to think it was. I've started to buckle down and seriously prepare to do art commissions. But it's taking me time to get it set up, get example pieces together. I know I won't get the amount of commissions I need for rent. I wish I had more time, or at least had buckled down sooner.
 Its noon and I should be up doing things to keep my home and family together but my cat just crawled on to my chest and I'm going back to sleep. Thank you for letting me whine, I'm not sure if it's the cat or getting this out of my system, but for now I feel better."
"I can't stop  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I can't stop  I've been self harming on and off since I was 13. I'm 19 now.  I've been diagnosed with major depression and OCD and am currently off of medication. My mental health has been bad for the past couple of weeks, and I just relapsed after a few months of being clean.
 I promised myself I wouldn't relapse. I promised myself that I would commit to getting better so that I could be seen as mentally stable. I promised myself I wouldn't be that person that lets their mental illnesses consume their life. But here I am. Sitting in a tub with scars all over my thigh.
 I can't tell my parents (whom I still live with) or else I'll be treated like a freak. Whenever I have a break down or a mental health crisis, I can't forget about my responsibilities, because I'm expected to be stronger than I am. And it's affecting me.
 I can't be strong anymore. I'm a worthless shell of a person who contributes to nothing. Honestly I feel like I would be better off dead right now, even though I can't even sum up the courage to kill myself.
 I have mental breakdowns so frequently that I worry if I'll even be able to hold down a job for much longer.
 I'm so fucking done with life. I'm holding on for other people at this point and I'm sick of it. They don't know my pain and expect me to be able to function normally.
 I've covered half of my thigh in scars and I can't stop. Part of me doesn't want to stop, anyway. Because I'm worthless."
"I can't tell the difference between reality and hallucinations anymore  Close  15  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I can't tell the difference between reality and hallucinations anymore  Before I begin, I have to first explain a few things about myself. I grew up in a strict Christian household and was pretty isolated for my first eighteen years of life. My dad was very emotionally abusive but never beat me aside from the occasional spanking. After two and  a half years of college and three suicide attempts, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder with psychotic features (because of these hallucinations) and ADD. I spent some time in a mental hospital after my last suicide attempt and when I told the doctors what I'm about to tell you now, it confused them a bit and they said it doesn't make sense that I would have such vivid hallucinations  as I don't exhibit any other symptoms of being schizophrenic or psychotic.
 My current therapist is of no help. She is a Christian and she believes that my visions are real and that I'm just sensitive to the world of demons and angels. I'm not so quick to believe her. I'm looking for a different therapist as I type this.
 I really need help. I'm losing my grip on reality. I need to know if there was a possible misdiagnosis, if my medication is doing this, if I'm just throwing myself into a panic over nothing, or if I really am seeing spirits.
 The earliest hallucinations I remember having were when I was in elementary school. At night I would regularly see thousands of tarantulas slowly crawling up the walls of my bedroom. Sometimes there were fewer that disappeared when I looked directly at them, then reappeared in my peripheral vision, and sometimes they would just sit there and do nothing. I wasn't always scared of these tarantulas, but ever curious as to whether I was imagining them or not.
 Another time I remember riding in the backseat of my mom's car on the way home from school. I was in the fourth grade and thinking about space for some reason, when everything around me suddenly fell away and I lost almost all sense of my physical self. I had a vision of space and I felt as though I had become a star.
 When I was eighteen, the summer before I left for college, I had to take care of my grandpa at his house 24/7 because of his dementia and my parents couldn't afford a nurse. I was watching TV in my room one night, with a baby monitor on so I could hear my grandpa and make sure he didn't fall out of bed, when suddenly I get this intense pressure in my chest as if I was being sat on. At first I thought it was just because of how I was laying on the bed, but when I got up the pressure just increased. It didn't feel like it was coming from inside me as cramps usually do, but outside. It was then, for no apparent reason, that I experienced my first panic attack. I felt very paranoid and was sure I was being watched. I had a hard time sleeping that night.
 The next night the same thing happened, but this time my locked door began to shake as though someone had grabbed it by the sides and shook it up and down. I thought it was my grandpa at first and called out his name, but he wouldn't respond. He tends to drag his feet when he walks so it isn't really hard to hear his socks or slippers scraping against the tile floor. I heard nothing. I felt a whoosh come in through the closed door and the feeling of paranoia and fear of being watched increased. I kept telling myself that I was just making myself anxious for no reason and that there were no demons because Jesus was protecting me. (I was still a Christian at the time) The feelings increased as I rolled on to my right side. I closed my eyes and focused on trying to calm myself down, when an image involuntarily surfaced into my head of a large dark figure: broad shoulders, round shape as though it were covered in a cloak of some sort, long horns curving upward, and a human skull for a face. This creature stood about eight feet tall and was very blurry and mostly black, the only detail I was really sure of was its white skull face. I prayed and began reading my Bible out loud, and as I did the sound of claws scraping against the tile came from where I felt the entity was standing. I tried reading aloud some more, but when I tried I heard a loud snake hiss from all directions. We didn't have snakes in our city.
 The third night was the weirdest. I had managed to push those negative feelings away the previous night and had fallen asleep. It was around midnight or 1am, and I had to get up and use the hall bathroom. The house was very dark, and as soon as I stepped out of my room those feelings returned, much more powerful than before. I looked into the dark hallway and could almost make out several dark, round figures with beady little eyes trying to fit through the hallway to get a good look at me. I don't know if I imagined it or not. I felt better after shouting some Bible verses at them. I went into the bathroom and brushed my teeth, and happened to look over at a window above the bathtub. Now, from where this window is positioned outside, there would be no way to look into it because there is a pipe that runs right in front of it. Not to mention it's a small window that's about seven feet away from the ground. What I saw confuses me to this day. I clearly, very clearly saw a white face looking at me through the window. The face was unnaturally wide, with huge black sockets where its eyes should have been, and a wide black smile that reached from ear to ear. It almost looked like a cartoon. I closed the shower curtain and ran back to my room. I heard my grandpa crying through the baby monitor. The way he was wailing told me he was still asleep, as he's been known to talk in his sleep sometimes. I didn't think anything of it until the cries got worse, to the point he was almost screaming. I couldn't wake him up and I was very scared, so I called my mother over. Things seemed to calm down a bit when she came, and she was able to wake my grandpa up. He was very upset and kept saying ""there's someone in the house!"" over and over again. She eventually got him back to sleep and came over to comfort me. I was still very tense but I was able to sleep that night.
 I have many other stories similar to these, I just don't have the time to write them all right now. I will continue to post them when I find the time. But seriously, if anyone has any kind of idea of what might be going on, please help me. Thank you."
"I desperately need help  REQUESTING SUPPORT  Close  8  Posted by  9 days ago  I desperately need help  REQUESTING SUPPORT  Trigger warning!! R*pe, trauma, abuse, gore
 Trigger warning!!
 I have been diagnosed with Major depressive disorder, it's not gonna go away for awhile. I have intense anxiety, PTSD from my dad r*ping me and another man grooming me, trauma because my mom screams at me constantly, I fear for my life and for others because I suffer from homicidal thoughts, and recently I've been having urges.
 Urges to just cut myself open, tear my face apart, and bash my head in as I cry. I hear thoughts that aren't mine that tell me to kill myself and constantly scream at me to do it. I want to do it.. I need to do it. But I can't.
 I can't because I have a boyfriend who would break and probably end his life.. and my best and only friend in the world would definitely end his life.. if I left..
 I want to hurt myself and destroy myself. I want to burn, cut, break, bruise, and I keep switching from wanting to do it and thinking about it, and then switching to crying and getting scared and wanting my friend or someone, anyone, to hold me and prevent me from doing anything.
 I need help"
"I do not currently have a dog due to finances/unstable living quarters (I'm a grad student), although I have wanted one for a very long time.  I also did not have any pets growing up.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety and I know that people do train dogs to help with these conditions.  Now, I don't plan on having a dog registered as a service dog or anything, but I would really appreciate it if my dog learned how to make sure I got up at a reasonable time and got out of bed (this is currently my biggest problem).
 I wouldn't be able to afford a properly trained dog, and honestly I doubt that I would be 'depressed enough' to be on the list for them as I'm not suicidal.
 Is this something I could train a dog to do?  I'm quite well read on dog training, although I've never done it.  Also, I would not be getting a dog until after I've graduated grad school and have a job."
I don’t know what to do and I’m desperate I need advice  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I don’t know what to do and I’m desperate I need advice  Background I am diagnosed with major depression and anxiety and 22f 4th year in college You would think with my 5 classes, three clubs and part of an eboard would make me exhausted which is true but not enough to make me tired I have been using melatonin for awhile now Used to take 5mg Then 3mg I became so dependent on it and so I stopped for awhile then once I take it again I fall asleep with no issue but then the next night I can’t fall asleep During the day I sometimes nap and I try to keep it to an hour My doctor on campus has suggested that I try prescription medication to help me sleep But I told her I was a bit nervous because addiction runs in the family and I have an addictive personality and so yeah I’m scared I’m going to become dependent on it and get addicted I’m just so desperate for sleep Maybe I should just go for it It’s 3 am and crying as I write this and I’ve been laying in bed since 12 am I’m just exhausted for the need of sleep
"i don’t know where to post this but i have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety since august 2018 and since school started on September 2018 i have been consistently missing school due to not being able to get up in the morning, i have no motivation towards anything in life and school is just hard for me, especially with all the people there. The problem is my schools county has a rule that after 9 or more absences in a class, whether they are excused or unexcused, the student must make up the time after school or on Saturdays, or else they get put on “no credit status”. They’re basically saying if you miss a class more than 9 times for any reason, you will fail the class until you make the time up, even if you have a passing score.
 i am already  past the 10 absence mark due to my depression and also other personal issues, and i find it difficult to go to school every single day, i don’t know what to do since i’m failing almost all of my classes and have to make up the time and finish all my missed class work to pass the classes or i fail for the year, i don’t know what to do anymore but it stresses me out everyday and my parents are always angry at me for missing school and i feel like a huge disappointment to my family"
"I don’t want this life anymore  Close  13  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I don’t want this life anymore  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in 2013. I was raped in 2011 (and I don’t think this is the first time I was sexually abused, although I could not remember anything in particular). My first suicide attempt was when I was 6 years old. I have also been recently (Sept 2018) diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS).
 I guess I began by mentioning those conditions because I always circle back to them as reasons as to why my life suck, even though a change in mindset could drastically improve my situation. What can I say, maybe I’m not made of strong moral fiber, and it’s much much easier to take pity on yourself and blame the world for your troubles than to take charge and resist.
 I once read from Philip K. Dick (VALIS), that insanity is a reasonable response to reality (or something of that sort). If this is the case, then I guess I am just normal.
 I don’t have much when it comes to management and coping mechanisms. I used to take medication for my MDD (had to try almost all anti-depressants available in the market before my doctor and I settled on one), but it was too expensive and didn’t help much so I stopped after almost a year. I tried exercise (yoga, weights, running) and they help a bit but I could not sustain it. I have great friends and a wonderful partner, but seeing them requires that I get out of the house, and sometimes even breathing is too hard. I recently adopted a dog and at first it was great, but her and my energy levels are not a match so she usually just runs around the house.
 See? I have a reason for everything. Great job, brain!
 That’s another thing — I think I have excellent self-sabotaging skills. For many years, my work is my life, and it would all begin great, I would do well for a couple of months (really, really well) until I start “seeing the flaws of the system” and I begin to lose all my motivation and just stop coming to work altogether. I would bail out, then start the cycle again somewhere else.
 It’s hard to root for myself when all I see is the darkness and how much of a pathetic excuse for a person I am.
 But I don’t want this life anymore."
"I don't even know where to start this here.  I am a 20F and I have been diagnosed with clinical depression since I was 11. I take medication since I was 12, nowadays, I take about 10 pills a day of antidepressants and anxiolytics, due to this treatment for a long time, I am chemically dependent on clonazepan. This has been present in my life since I was young (I had not even had my first period), I was not able to “learn” how to socialize, develop and maintain any type of relationship (friendly or romantic), I always had very low self-esteem, it was always me for me. I believe that in adolescence (from 13) it was the most difficult time, in addition to low self-esteem, I had problems with acne and my biotype does not fit the aesthetic standards.  And there came the bullying ... I had a hard time making friends at the expense of all that ... At the time I would like to be like the other girls, I would like their approval. But the moments I remember most were self-harming, hidden crying, suicidal and self-destructive thoughts. My teenage experiences were late. Today I am in college, little of that has changed ... I still have difficulty in relating to people, I know how to make friends but the difficult thing is to develop and maintain them, I continue with my self-esteem practically non-existent and the feeling of helplessness and  replacement up there. I've dealt with so much rejection in the affective field that I feel that I don't deserve to be loved, they never ask me to stay, they never ask me to come back.  There will always be a better person than me ... And this quarantine it has been a hell because I just don't have contact with just about anyone (other than parents).  If I had a conversation, it was with two people at most and I started it, because if I depended on their initiative, there would be no conversation. I am an only child, I am feeling very alone and I realize that my presence in the lives of some people is indifferent because nobody wants to know how I am.  If I'm fine, what am I doing. It's like I died. My self-destructive thoughts are racing through my mind and I think I'm going to do some shit.
 That's it, I just wanted someone to know how I'm feeling. Has anyone who has clinical depression experienced a crisis due to this quarantine?"
"I dont feel like I've earned my emotions.  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  I dont feel like I've earned my emotions.  To give some context I am a 19 year old male.I've always been very depressed,anxious and I've also had suicidal tendencies since I was about 10 years old. I've never met my father and my mother always had rotating boyfriends the only one that stayed around is the father of my two siblings and he abused me. My mother also abused me mentally more often than physically as well as most of my family seemingly being against me at every turn. I've always hated school because it made me incredibly anxious and depressed as well as providing unneeded stressors. For as long as I can remember I have had a problem with my appearance,realistically I'm not terrible looking but I always think I am especially when I smile. I have always played a lot of video games and most of my friends I have now I met through video games.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder,anxiety disorder and suicidal tendencies but I always feel like I am just weak or lazy.
 I've experienced many different situations in life that have really molded me into who I am such as facing the threat of being kicked out of my home by my mother since I was 14 years old,being falsely accused of rape when I was 16 years old and many years of abuse mentally and physically at the hands of close family and friends.
 I currently live with my girlfriend of 3 years however I dont work because I cant leave our apartment without feeling extremely afraid,like a sudden burst of overwhelming anxiety and dread. I know nothing bad will happen if I leave but my body is simply afraid and I feel horrible about the fact that I dont provide any kind of financial support to help her and essentially just sit at home all day doing nothing. I know a lot of people will judge me for that and I understand why but to me it's that or essentially death or that's how it seems to me at least. I wish I could help her but I can't and I feel horrible about it despite her saying that it's fine.
 I never think I've suffered through enough and feel like I'm just weak minded because everyone has a hard life one way or another so what makes my life so bad. I feel like I'm just faking all of it and that subconsciously I'm screwing my girlfriend over just because I'm lazy and dont want to work.
 If anyone has read all of the above information I firstly want to thank you for taking the time out of your day to read what I had fo say and secondly I would love to know your opinion on the matter even if your opinion is negative in nature.
 Sorry if I messed up with anything or broke any rules this is just something I've felt for so long and figured I would ask the void of the internet for an answer
 Have a great day everyone!"
"I don't feel normal without coffee  Advice Received  Close  2  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  I don't feel normal without coffee  Advice Received  Dear  r/advice ,
 So, I'm a 20 y/o college student. I've been drinking coffee for the last 6ish years, from using my dad's drip coffee machine with Folger's half-caf, to now where I have a bit of everything coffee-related in my dorm. In the past, I'd mostly drink coffee to try to get a mental boost or to help me focus. No judgment at all to those who drink coffee daily, but I choose not to drink coffee every day because I don't want to burn myself out on it - I don't want it to stop being an enjoyable thing that I spend some downtime on when I want some self-care. Having my morning cup of coffee is something that doesn't fit in my life.
 Here's my issue, for the past 5ish years I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and major anxiety, and I've handled it through talk therapy, without medications. For a while I used medications, but a psychiatrist that didn't listen to/believe me ended up making me feel that it wasn't the right path for me. Freshman year of college, I was downing coffee all the time, and I was probably more productive than I've been in a long time. But towards the end of the year, I started getting ridiculous headaches - like debilitating ones where I had to miss class. Eventually, I realized that I was over caffeinating myself, and going through ridiculous caffeine withdrawals. This last year, I started limiting my caffeine intake a bunch, and while I felt better / got fewer headaches, I also lost a lot of my energy and motivation, and I had a noticeable drop in grades, and I've found no enjoyment in my internship either. I thought it might be that I wasn't enjoying my coursework, but this summer I've realized that if I don't have coffee, I'm just not interested in anything at all. Once I get the energy in my system, I want to make music or do research or talk to people, but without it, I just want to lay in my room and watch youtube. I can't even read or watch a TV show or movie cause it feels too mentally draining.
 Obviously, this is a byproduct of depression, but I'm not sure where to go from here. I don't want to be addicted to caffeine just to feel normal, but I also don't want to feel like this every day. I'm thinking that retrying medication maybe my best course of action, but that was such a rocky road originally that I don't know if it's worth going through that again. Plus, I don't even know if my family can afford it, and that's not a discussion I want to have again.
 What do you guys think I should do?"
"I don't know how I feel.  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I don't know how I feel.  I don’t necessarily know where I want to begin with this. I’m not suicidal, but I feel I am hopeless. Put bluntly, I feel I am a joke. I’m 18 years old, and I’ve been out of high school for about a year. I don’t have a job (apart from earning around $10 a month making YouTube videos) and my primary source of income is social security. Apparently, autism is a disability. While I technically have a girlfriend, whose been with me since September of last year, it’s online and she lives in Connecticut. I have no prior experience dating, nor do I have a driver’s license. My parents put me down about my life a lot, and it makes me feel like I’m a shitty asshole who can’t take care of myself. Obviously, I know how to feed myself, bathe myself, dress myself, et cetera, but that’s the basics. I’m depressed; I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, although I’m trying to feel happier. It’s kind of hard to feel happy about yourself when you hate your very being and everything you stand for. My father once called me fat and then he had the audacity to get angry at me for calling him out on it. I’m 18, so I’m technically allowed to move out whenever I want, although since I have nowhere else to go, I stay put. I don’t WANT to be with my dad, I look forward to visiting my mom every other weekend mainly to get away from my dad; my mom doesn’t let me live with her anymore because of a separated incident.
 My sister gets so much more special treatment than I do (mainly because she’s more trustworthy) but when I asked my mom about it, she said that I’M the one being given special treatment. Because I’m “special.” Her words.
 I’m at my breaking point. I don’t want to kill myself, but I don’t want to die anymore either. I am way too depressed to decide what I want and I need help, bad."
"I don't know if I'll ever get better.  Close  9  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I don't know if I'll ever get better.  I don't mean to be dramatic. I just don't know if or how I will ever get better. And I don't trust anyone enough to tell them where I'm at right now in my head.
 First off, a quick background on why I am where I am. I am now almost 25 years old, and I am female. I've been dealing with depression and daily obsessive suicidal thoughts since I was 8 years old. I was the responsible one, the parent in my family. So I was never able to be a kid and be weak and need help. I started self harming when I was 12 years old. My dad constantly said things that made me feel like there was something wrong to me. When I was 19 years old, my boyfriend of three years, who had began to be abusive about six months prior, took it to a whole new level. He choked me out, sexually abused me, and tried to kill me. I kicked him out the next morning, and tried to forget that it ever happened. I moved four hours away to go to college. I still dealt with depression, but I felt like I could deal with it. I lived there for four and a half years. I eventually got to the point where I knew I was going to kill my self. I had never really dealt with anxiety, but it came out of nowhere and took over my life. I got to the point where I couldn't even leave my bedroom. And I slept only about 8 hours a week. My roommates were scared for my life, so they told my mom what was going on. I had gone from almost a straight A pre-Med student on my way to dental school, to a suicidal agoraphobic, on my way to death in like six months. I ended up having to drop out of school and move back into my parent's house to try to get help. That was like a year ago. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and chronic insomnia. I've been working with a psychiatrist and a therapist. But I just feel like every time I take one step forward, something knocks me back down.
 The one thing that keeps me hanging on is my sister. She is my best friend, and I am hers. I know she needs me, and she would be absolutely devastated without me. I would never want to make her hurt for even one second. I have always said that I would rather suffer terribly every single second until the day I die than leave her alone and hurt her.
 But I can't live like this anymore. And I don't know if I'll ever get better. I've been trying so hard, but I am still in the same place.
 I don't know what I want to come of this post, but I guess I just had to get it out of my system."
I dont know what I have.  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  I dont know what I have.  For about, a year I've been hearing voices in my head. They have different opinions and are kinda assholes. I still think it's my self responding back to what I say, but I'm unsure. I have about 5 voices I hear often, and two I can see in the, as I call it, head space. The two I see in the head space are named marlowe and vivviea. I started hearing vivi about 2 months ago. I dont remember when marlowe showed up. Before those two, there were others. But I couldn't identify who they were. My little head space is a room with a door. On the left wall there is a book self,  with a desk and chair next to it. Marlowe usually sits there reading a book. The books have titles, but when I try to read them, they become distorted in a way. On the right, there is a half circle mat, that is pushed up against the wall. Vivi is usually sitting there doing random things. If I turn around I can see a large tv sort of thing and a projector. There is a couch, its brown, and occasionally I see someone sitting there.I do dissociate. When I do I feel disconnected and lost. I feel like nothing is real its can last a minute, ir I can last an hour. I also tend to forget things. Ill find stuff I dont remember buying, or things I dont remember doing. I hate it. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, and anxiety. Please, if you have any idea what I might be experiencing, tell me in the comments
"I don't know what to do anymore.  Close  12  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  I don't know what to do anymore.  I have lurked for a very long time,  r/depression , but I'm reaching out because I don't know who else to turn to.
 I (25F) am going through a rough time right now, but when I look back it's probably been up and down for the last 7 years. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder, recurrent. I am in grad school (which certainly doesn't help my stress level) and I was dumped by my boyfriend a month ago. I am struggling so badly to keep going. I can't focus on work and my grades are dropping. All I can think about is my ex who is no doubt happy without me, and as unappreciative as he was of me all I can think about are his good qualities. Everything reminds me of him.
 There always arises that feeling that I need to be ""ok"" on my own before I can be with someone else. But what if I never am? It's starting to look that way. Every relationship I've had seems to end on their terms and feels like a knife to the chest. I know time heals all wounds but I'm tired of getting hopeful and then being hit by rejection with devastating impact. This one seems to hurt the most because there was no good reason for it. We had everything in common and there was chemistry. He's just always seeking a life with no regret, and the moment we reached a tough spot he decided ""it wasn't working."" But I want him to regret leaving me.
 Then there's school, where I have to pretend to be ok. But my mask is slipping. I go to class and clinic with puffy eyes and a blank face. I can't keep up and I'm aware of my classmates' success. Everyone is understanding and supportive, but that almost makes it worse. They tell me I should be proud of my self-awareness and that I am always working to make things better. They tell me that I'm trying my best. But I'm not. I don't study. I barely pay attention. Then they say, ""you managed to get in here so obviously you're smart."" I don't know how I got in. Honestly it almost feels like a joke.
 Then there's my own perception of depression and anxiety. I'm not always in bed, struggling to get up. I have many days where I do what I'm supposed to. But it's so hard and I act like a miserable person. Then sometimes I don't--I laugh and enjoy the company of others. So is it fair to define myself this way? It just gets so confusing. And you fall into these thought loops and you KNOW you're doing it. You know your thoughts make no sense but there's no way to cut them off.
 I talk with my friends about all of this but I fear they will be annoyed by my self-centered nature. Everything is about my anxiety and depression, even my anxiety is about the fact that I have anxiety. Then there's the part of me that feels like I've made it up and I'm using it as an excuse for laziness (when it comes to school) or denial of my ex's shortcomings.
 As the title says, I don't know what else to do. This is what I'm trying so far:
   Therapy with a psychologist
   Seeing a psychiatrist (and taking meds--switching now due to side effects)
   Ruling out ADHD with an assessment
   Independent biofeedback (hooking up a heart rate monitor as you breathe)
   Seeking study skills help
   Reaching out to the disabilities department at my school
   Participating in a DBT group
   Mindfulness
   Working out
   Doing a hobby
   Taking care of myself (giving myself manicures, eating healthy)
   Reaching out to friends
   Eating in moderation (I sometimes binge eat)
   I'm doing all of those things and here I am in bed, thinking of how nice it would be to escape. I would never kill myself but everything just feels so heavy and sad. I think about it a lot, though. How nice it would be not to deal with this anymore. Why does it have to be like this? What do ""normal people feel? When will it get better? Will it ever?
 So what does a person do when she's already done it all? I am so tired."
"I don't know what to do or how I'm supposed to endure this for one more day (possible TW at the end)  [Rant/Vent]  Close  3  Posted by  1 month ago  I don't know what to do or how I'm supposed to endure this for one more day (possible TW at the end)  [Rant/Vent]  I've probably been emotionally abused by my father since I was little. I've never talked to anyone about this - I feel really guilty, because there are many people who have this so much worse than me, and I'm not really sure if I'm not overreacting and posting in a subreddit meant for worse cases than mine. I'm sorry if that's the case, and this is also probably going to sound really whiny, but I feel like I need to write it all down and it would be nice to get insight from other people.
 I have been terrified of my father all my life. He's quick to anger and tends to take it out on people who can't talk back, which in this case is me. He would frequently yell at me if I messed something up and call me names. That includes badmouthing me in front of relatives by saying I was a good-for-nothing that was probably not even his. If I dared to say something back, he would take me aside and slap me so hard my face would go numb. I soon couldn't perform simple manual tasks in front of him because my hands were shaking and I would frequently drop things, leading to more scolding. One time when I was 3 he took me sledding on a little hill near our house, and sent me down a trail with a bump on it, claiming it would be fun. I was light, so I was thrown from the sled, bruised my ribs really badly and couldn't breathe. I started crying, because I thought I was going to die. He started screaming at me for ""pretending"", since apparently if I was crying, I could also breathe, and dragged me home by my hair. My mother was horrified.
 I quickly began tip-toeing around him at home, scared of doing something wrong, but he would always find a reason to go on his power-tripping episodes. He demanded to be ""presented with my journal and school notebooks"" every day. He would read through them and if he found something bad in them (for example, ugly writing or some passage in the journal he thought was a proof of me being ""angry""), he would go on an absolute rampage, throw out all of my clothes and possessions out of my wardrobe, library and shelves and I had to clean while he watched. A lot of my stuff was damaged during one of his fits. Sometimes he would throw the stuff out again after I was done, repeating it two or three times, because the way I folded a shirt was wrong. Again, he would beat my face up often. He always managed to find something to be obsessive about. I used to go to horse riding lessons at a time he was obsessed with dirty nails. Of course I would return home with dirty nails. He always stopped me before even entering the house and demanded to look at my fingernails, claiming he ""doesn't give a shit about where I was or what I was doing"", I simply had to magically keep my nails clean even when working with horses. I had to bring scissors with me and clean my freaking nails while walking home, otherwise there would be hell. He would absolutely fly off at any louder noise. I had to whisper at all times, close doors really slowly, and generally always get out of his way. It didn't matter that I was in the middle of brushing my teeth or preparing my breakfast, when HE decided he wanted to use the bathroom/kitchen/whatever, I had to stop whatever I was doing and get out immediately. I think he fancies himself some kind of supreme authority and he would always go out of his way to ""put me in my place"", I guess.
 The absolutely worst thing has to be his obsession with my bathroom habits. He ""counts"" how many times I visit the toilet, claiming I ""live"" there and use it ""15 times a day"", when I only visited it 3 times? (I actually had to count this because I thought I was going insane. Not that it matters, because when confronted, he figuratively covers his ears and refuses to acknowledge anything I say, calling me a liar and saying I'm delusional. It's literally like talking to a wall.) This is really disgusting and TMI, but I used to avoid drinking to the point where my mother had to take me to the doctor due to dehydration, and also pee in a bin in my room as a small kid, because I was scared to death to use the toilet at night. Every time he hears me going to the toilet at night, he gets up and screams at me for being disgusting and insconsiderate. When he walks in on me sitting on the toilet, because he can't be bothered to knock, it's of course my fault for being there, and again, he calls me disgusting and claims I ""live on the toilet"". Same thing with showers. He set times for when I could take a shower, but the problem is I am the only one who actually adheres to the rules. He claims to ALWAYS start at 8 and be done showering at 8:30 PM, but in reality he gets in the shower at 9:30 and after that, I can't shower anymore, because he's going to sleep and I'm too loud. I can't shower before that either, because he busts in the bathroom at 2 minute intervals starting at 7 to ""remind me to hurry up"". And I can't shower before 7, because that's a crazy-people-thing (?).
 I know it sounds like such little things, but I'm so done. He always finds something. Always. I can't talk to him for one minute before him flying into rage because of some small thing like this. Even if I avoid him, he just finds a reason to go power-tripping on me. I'm destroyed. I have BPD that allegedly stems from childhood trauma. I never knew what that was, mainly because of my father telling me he loved me and always shifting the blame on me, but I'm starting to suspect it's because of what he's done to me. I am emotionally crippled and have been diagnosed with major depression at the age of freaking nine. He doesn't care. After being hospitalized after a serious suicide attempt, his reaction when first seeing me after I came to was to scream at me for being a burden for my mother and making her sad, when she had gone away to visit a bathroom. That has happened several times. He always tells me that "" my mother is going through a tough time"" and that it's my fault, and I have in fact confirmed with my mom that he makes this up. Even when she talks to him, he still keeps doing this. He truly doesn't care. He doesn't even consider the option that he might be acting insensitive.
 There is no solution to this. Talking to him is like talking to a brick wall. If I told him that what he does is emotional abuse, he would laugh in my face and tell me I'm ill, delusional and need to stop being ""evil"" before he punches me in the face. Direct quote. The only option for me is to move out ASAP, but I can't do that right now. I had to drop out of my first year of uni a week ago due to a severe episode of mental illness and it's unlikely I will ever be able to go back, which means I'll have to survive on minimum wage for the rest of my life. I am saving up to be able to at least rent a room in a shared apartment, but it will take a month or two before I accumulate enough to move. My psychiatrist recommended applying for disability, but I really can't do that, since the benefits don't even cover the average monthly rent for a room in a shared apartment in my area. Only other option is to go homeless or live in my car for those two months, which I'm actually starting to consider.
 I don't know. On one hand I feel so pathetic, because I'm supposed to be an adult. I really thought I would be able to at least go LC with university, but surprise, I can't even do that because I'm a wreck of a person. So now I'm living back with my parents like a loser and complain about being abused like an ungrateful brat. I'm really conflicted whether I'm just being weak and overly dramatic, but on the other hand I just desperately want to get out. I don't think I can do this for two months. He's slowly but surely driving me to suicide. All of this is. I'm a shell of the shell of the person I used to be and it's irreversible anyways. I wish he would just leave me alone. I have never done anything bad to him. This situation feels so hopeless.
 Thanks for stopping by my pity party."
i don't know what to do right now!  Close  1  Posted by  5 months ago  i don't know what to do right now!  i'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder. i went a while without a job and i finally got one and i've held it down doing really good work for around two months. recently my schedule changed and i can't get myself to stop crying around/before my shift. at work this week my coworkers have been asking me if i'm okay because at work i usually talk to customers a lot and i'm really happy, but lately i'm barely making eye contact with anyone and i'm not being nearly as energetic. i get all of my work done quickly, but my coworkers are very obviously upset with me because they've never seen me like this. i called off work yesterday for the first time and i'm trying really hard to stop crying right now, (my shift doesn't start for another three hours) but i can't. i don't know why i'm like this and i just want to do my work without concerning anyone.
I don't know where else to go, I'm lonely and most of my day is filled with suicidal thoughts.  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I don't know where else to go, I'm lonely and most of my day is filled with suicidal thoughts.  I have been to a few mental hospitals, and I haven't been rock bottom like this in almost 2 years. And it hurts. This morning I cried because my thoughts of suicide make me anxious, they make me excited. They are overwhelming. I cried yesterday, the day before. I told my best friend last night in person that I think I wanted to kill myself, And he was there for me (I'm a male by the way) And It really did help, but I wake up the next morning feeling worse. Like nothing is worth it, you guys get it. What should I honestly do? I'm Diagnosed with Major depressive disorder, But I know in my heart that feeling like I should kill myself every day, for most of the day, until it brings me to tears. Is not normal. What so ever.
"i don't really have any emotional support, i'm all by myself, i have a classmate who sometimes talks to me, sometimes she's sweet and sometimes she'll just bash on me, not too long ago she told me that she wasn't my psychologist and that she was sick of me, i have problems with the people i live with and i don't really feel like i have any friends.
 i'm a bland person, sometimes ifeel like barely have any personality, i don't have strong emotions and i'm not a happy guy so sometimes people will show me memes and i'll be like ah, not laughing causes others to be upset.
 it's very hard for me to laugh.
 i have been diagnosed with clinical depression by at least 2 psychologists and probably a psychiatrist too, he gave me quetiapine, i'm taking 50 (miligrams?)every day.
 i live with my grandparents and uncle, we live in a big house but it's old and full of dirt, the first floor is full of insects and i can't even deal with them, i feel disgusted so i go away or ask for help whenever i see one, i've been told that i should do things by myself but i just never feel like it, i prefer to have other people do my bidding whenever possible, whether that is to wash my clothes or to shine my shoes.
 i was told that i live in a fantasy world and that i should start living my life, that's bc i often talk about investing in real state (whenever someone asks me about my future) but i don't have any right now, the thing is, i do plan on investing on that but i'd rather not do that in this country, it's not a rich country so i woulnd't make much with it.
 i've never had a real job but i often feel annoyed at the idea of working here bc of the low pay i'd recieve, my mother makes less in her full time job as a professional from a good college than my ex-classmates from europe in a part time job
 i guess i do look down on most of my countrymen, i often bash on them bc they behave like fucking animals, sometimes i'll just see litter inside our classroom or see people throwing their bus tickets on the ground, i've told a couple of those people to pick them up but i can't change the whole country, i've been told that i have an identity issue and that all i ever think of is me, guess i really am n1 n2 and n3, even if i wanted to be nice, that's just not how i truly am, i just don't want to be a part of this country or this part of the continent, i feel disgusted by it and it's people, i wish it were better, whenever i talk to someone who has gone abroad they often say ""yeah, they're 60 years ahead of us!"", but rather than trying to improve so that we're not that far behind they just acknowledge the fact that their country is inferior and that that won't change.
 i feel like i live surrounded by slaves who refuse to change.
 i don't know where to go or who to talk to, i feel like my psychologist has just given up on me, everyone tells me to be happy but to be in this country is like living with a broken leg, wherever you may go, whenever it might be, it's still here, always.
 i've tried calling my psychologist a couple of times but i feel like it's useless, she often times agrees with me or tells me that my situation is very sad, she doesn't give me any advice.
 i often times feel like nobody will care until i actually harm myself in some way, and i don't want to do that.
 even then, i feel like the only thing that others could actually feel for me and that would actually make them stay for a bit would be pitty.
 i wish someone would help me improve, guide me, but i don't have that kind of support, i've been told that i'm often mean but i never use any insults nor do i mock people, it's just the way i talk.
 i've also been called an asshole, a jerk and a douchebag, parcially because i'm not a gentleman, i want to believe in gender equality but many people tell me otherwise.
 this has been going for so long that i can't express myself properly anymore, i'm burnt out and i can't do anything about it.
 even if someone were to reply to this post, it's not like they could genuenly judge me, i could tell them i had a nice day while i actually bothered everyone around me without noticing.
 i just wish i could leave this country, i just wish someone would save me."
I don't think I'll ever find help  Close  1  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  I don't think I'll ever find help  I am an 18 year old boy living in Canada, and I have suffered from severe depression over the past ten years. Officially, I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and general anxiety disorder. My first suicide attempt was at 9 years old. I was sexually abused as a child, and have grown up in a home with a severly mentally unstable, meth addicted father, and a waitressing mother. The sexual assault and my parents have no correlation. Over the past 2 years or so, I've been trying to find psychiatric help, but to no avail. My GP put me on a nausea-inducing, mild antidepressant, but it just made me feel worse. I've looked for a psychiatrist through the Health Sciences Centre in my city, but all they can offer me is a short class on CBT, which I can assure you, is not enough. I've developed a drinkig problem, I smoke a gram a day, my anxiety prevents me from working as much as I should, I'm too poor to afford school, I'm at my fucking wits end. I feel like no matter which direction I point my life to try and get my shit together, it ends in a dead end. School, my mental health, work. All I do at home is sit in my room. The only times I see my friends, are when they come and visit me at my house. I don't know what I'm going to do
"I don't think my suicidality is a symptom.  Close  8  Posted by  5 months ago  I don't think my suicidality is a symptom.  I'm 38. I've been in treatment for 10 years, starting shortly after my father died of suicide. 4 years into treatment I divorced my wife of 13 years, which led to estrangement from my children.
 I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder, though several of my prescribers over the years have had other thoughts but never documented them. (""It  could  be Xyz, but that wouldn't change your treatment, so..."")
 I've attempted suicide twice, been hospitalized 5 times (all self admits for suicidality, though twice with the implied threat of being petitioned it I didn't go voluntarily), and in the most recent hospitalization (Sept/Oct of this year) received  ECT .
 Currently I'm on 5 different psych meds. They seem to help, but...
 I'm exhausted and want it to end.
 I'm not very good at ""life"", and believe that all my past successes were only made possible by whomever I was with at the time: my family, then my (ex-)wife, then a long-term girlfriend. Currently I've been single for about 2 years and everything is falling apart. Collections/debt, issues with family, lost friends, close to being fired (from a job that doesn't pay the bills without family help), trashy apartment with bug issues, etc.
 One of my favorite ways to address issues like these is to ignore them and hide from them. This doesn't help, of course.  I tell myself constantly though that if it gets bad enough, I can just die, so it's all ok. Except that actually following through is hard and scary.
 Anyway the point is that I think they've been treating me all these years, increasingly aggressively, for something that isn't a symptom. Yes I have depression, and yes I have suicidal ideation, but I'm no longer convinced that they're related. I think my depression responds well enough to treatment, but the suicidality remains, so they keep trying harder. But my suicidality is, if anything, a symptom of something else... Something like me being a child who never got past the stage of getting his feelings hurt and wanting to take his ball and go home.
 It's not that I'm hopeless or helpless or suffering. It's that I've avoided dealing with things for so long that they're stacking up to a point where suicide just seems like the best option. I know it would hurt some people, and on some level I know that I wouldn't even 'benefit' in that I wouldn't be around at all... But it still seems appealing.
 I feel like if I could declare bankruptcy in life and start over fresh, maybe that would be an alternative. But as it is, it just seems like such a waste to work hard to fix things since there's too much."
"i don't understand my life // someone to talk to  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  i don't understand my life // someone to talk to  im in college and i have a complicated relationship with my mother. I have two sisters and my father. One is older than me and the younger one has cerebral palsy. my parents are refugees from a war but grew up in america from a very young age, both 12 years old or younger.
 something i think is not right with my mother. i don't really understand what had happened to me. For around 5 years I have been struggling with depression and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I never thought there was a specific trauma that induced my severe mental health issues, but this year I realized a lot of things that happened to me since childhood.
 my mother is under a lot of stress from taking care of my handicapped younger sister. I understand that. my mother treats her very very well, i know there is a lot of issues with abuse and frustration with caregivers of low functioning people with disabilities. so i'm happy about that at least. my mother has also always preferred my older sister over me. nothing big, she just hugged her and talked to her before bed a lot more than me.
 she also got punished way less than me. i don't remember much of my childhood at all. everything before me being around 15 or 16 is a blur or almost completely blank. i didn't think this was odd until i realized that i think my mother has been psychologically abusing me since i was a child.
 i didn't know that it wasn't normal for my mom to yell at me over the drop of a needle or for me to always feel as if i'm walking on egg shells. i constantly felt like she was close to sending me away somewhere and often threatened it when i didn't behave how she wanted. my mother is a narcissist. she thinks everything she does is right so arguing and reasoning with her is impossible. sometimes when i rationalized with her she would immediately get angrier and send me to my room.
 she isn't in her right mind sometimes. once when i was a child (whenever i say child i mean somewhere between the ages of 6 and 14) i accidentally dropped a carton of milk and she got so frustrated and mad that she told me I couldn't have milk for 2 weeks. i didn't really mind or think too hard about it because i didn't really like milk all that much, but i realize now that it's something that's not right with her.
 she puts on her best face in front of other people though who arent in the family.
 there are so many isolated instances that i've been able recall recently. but mainly growing up, all my life, she devalued me and made me feel worthless. she expected me to submit to her every command but at the same time expected a child to act as an adult. whenever i messed up maybe with forgetting to do a chore i would apologize and say it was an accident, meaning i didn't mean for it to happen. but my mother always told me that it happened once before so now its not an accident and instead is on purpose. she always told me that i was a brat who never took responsibility for my actions, even when it was over small things that and when i felt so much guilt over. and she knew i felt that way.
 sometimes when i didn;t act how she wanted or she saw an attitude problem with me she would threaten to put me on medication because my behavior was so bad and crazy. it was really scary. i was under the age of 16 when she started to say those things.
 she would always use my emotions against me.i'm a very empathetic person and always always care about the feelings of other people. she used that to her advantage for when i wasn't acting the way she wanted me to act. like she hated when i listened to music around the fmily with headphones or when i crossed my arms around them. she would cry and say that i don't love the family and that they try to include me but i treat them so badly that they feel as if i hate them.
 she also would say inappropriate things around my friends and her guests in the house. she was always trying to embarrass me in front of people of devalue the things i do in order to seem ""sassy"" or something. sometimes she would make fun of my tough financial position in front of guests. i don't know. i really don't understand.
 once when i was a child she was manually opening the garage. her hand slipped and got caught in the garage door. she was yelling a lot from the pain and i was with my sister. i didn't know what to do, so i just sat there in shock and my older sister jumped up to help. after that happened, to get what she wanted sometimes she would mention that moment and how i didn't get up to help her even though she was in pain. and because of that i don't care about her or love her.
 i am closed off to my family. they don't understand why.
 in the past when i talked about my emotions, if they had a negative view towards her behavior she would make me feel really crazy for feeling or thinking those things.
 i don't know how many times she told me that the world doesn't revolve around me.
 sorry this was so long. i just needed to get it out."
"I don't understand my mother anymore  Rant  Close  44  Posted by    14    3 months ago  I don't understand my mother anymore  Rant  She always says ""you can tell me anything"" and ""I would never lie to you"". Those are the two biggest fucking lies I've ever heard.
 I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, social anxiety, generalized anxiety, separation anxiety, panic disorder, specific phobias, insomnia and aphantasia. They're all confirmed by 3 specialists and I take medication for it. She doesn't believe me. She says that I'm acting and don't have these problems. She asks me how my day is and then shouts at me for me saying ""could be better"" after coming home with a bloody nose after I got into a fight cause a dude was harassing me. She says ""you're overreacting. You always act like things are worse than they are"". She makes me feel unsafe to say how I feel so I've just stopped telling people. But when I do this she gets mad at me for not telling her. So I have to act happy so that she doesn't think I'm acting sad. I've been going to therapy for 6 years now and she still thinks I'm just acting. She doesn't understand that she's making things worse for me.
 When she says she never lies to me, I think she means that she thinks I've never caught her lying to me. She's been lying to me about an extremely sensitive subject for over 8 fucking years. I'm tired of this shit. She doesn't understand why I ""act"" like I'm sad but she's the main reason.
 I'm scared on the daily cause of her and idk what to do anymore. Probably no one will read this but at least I can let it out somewhere"
"I don't want to drink, but damn am I struggling with my emotions. Anyone else suffer from clinical depression?  Close  8  Posted by   937 days   2 years ago  Archived  I don't want to drink, but damn am I struggling with my emotions. Anyone else suffer from clinical depression?  Been long term sober before so I know for sure that I always have depression. It's just how I am apparently. I've been diagnosed with major depression and melancholic depression.
 It goes up and down in severity. ""Light depression"" is my version of ""okay"". Sometimes the lows though can last for weeks, even months. I think it's been about a week now since I last laughed. I hope this low doesn't last too long. It drives me crazy.
 I'm managing to still do things, but I feel like a zombie. I also feel incredibly asocial. My mood is shitty and I'm irritable. My mind is blank and I generally feel pretty miserable.
 I'm working on getting some therapy for myself. I've given up on medication though. I've tried too many now. They're either do nothing or make it worse.
 I'm venting, but also want to know if anyone else here is sober and also struggles with depression?"
I don't want to wake up. I want to sleep, and completely waste my life away  Close  13  Posted by  1 month ago  I don't want to wake up. I want to sleep, and completely waste my life away  I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I am feeling completely talantless, worthless, a fucking waste of space. I am frustrated with my life. I dont have the motivation to eat, i dont even have the motivation to get up and piss. I want to sleep all day and do nothing and waste my entire life. I feel like i am losing control of time, and time seems to slip away. Days pass so quickly, i am not able to complete my work. I posted here because i dont have access to therapy. I dont want to die, but i dont want to live like this either. Its quite literally suffocating, i feel as if im being suffocated, the feeling is felt in my stomach. It physically hurts, and i experience waves of sadness and dysphoria
"I downed a whole bottle of max doseage anti-depressants and luckily called 911 within a few minutes.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety disorder. I am currently on disability so that I can pay rent at my parents house.
 I am 21, cannot drive, and although I have finished high school (While home schooled) I have been unable to go on to higher education.
 Been single my whole life except for a solid week that I enjoyed, other than that though, nothing.
 Now that you have the basics, ask anything you want. :)
 Going to bed, will be back to answer more in the morning. :)"
"I fear I've dug a hole too deep  Close  2  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  I fear I've dug a hole too deep  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and anxiety when I was 14. I'm now 34. I've always struggled with it, with ups and downs. In March of this year, (it's now September) I woke up at 230am for my 430am shift, and found myself sitting on the edge of my bed, rocking forward and backward, seemingly unable to get up and get ready like I did for the two years I worked this job.
 I'll try to make a long story short. After calling in sick for a time, I ended up getting put off by my doctor. I participated in a depression group and finally got to see a psychiatrist to review my medication. I feel worse the last couple of months than I ever did. Basically haven't gotten out of bed for several weeks. I've had suicidal ideation off and on for years, but it's been worse than ever last few months. EI has run out, and I'm living with my elderly Father and it's not an ideal environment.
 I feel hopeless. Things are getting worse. I don't know what to do anymore. I don't see a way out. I'm afraid to talk to family and friends about how I truly feel. My social worker and some friends are telling me I need to go back to work ASAP, but I barely function day to day.
 Even writing this I'm afraid of what people will think. My Dad often puts me down for being ""weak"". Just wanted to reach out, even if it's just to ""the internet"".
 If you took the time to read this, thank you.
 I just want to give up, and sleep forever."
I feel broken and I don't know how to feel better  Close  5  Posted by  5 months ago  I feel broken and I don't know how to feel better  In addition to childhood traumas (which I feel weird even calling them that bc I personally know people who have been through way worse than I ever have, but they still negatively affect my behavior, so ?¿?), This past year and a half has been really rough for me. From multiple losses, to academic failures and pretty much everything in between, and not having the time to process any of it, I just feel like I don't give a single fuck about anything anymore. All the things I felt passionate about bore me now. I don't care about school, I can barely bring myself to study, or really even do anything I used to like anymore. And it feels like everyone around me has shit going on that they love and I remember feeling that way. It just feels horrible to feel like I just can't be bothered to do anything anymore. I just want to sleep. For the record, I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and ADHD, all of which I'm being treated for and I'm medicated . But I still feel so fucking numb. I feel like I'm broken as a person. I've never really posted anything to Reddit before but, as this subreddit is literally called offmychest, I figured I'd try to put my feelings into words here. I've actually been working up the courage to do this for days.
I feel like a child stuck in an adults body..  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I feel like a child stuck in an adults body..  No, this isn't for you, pedophiles. I am diagnosed with major depression, social anxiety, and a learning disorder. But I feel like it goes much deeper than that. It is so hard to explain, but I literally feel like my soul and brain are stuck in an adults body. I can't wrap my brain around real world issues, I get too emotional with everything and I get yelled at if I have a wrong emotion. I feel like I am babied with a lot of things from my family, which isn't an issue for me because I need to be treated like I am a child a lot of the time. I am a 27 year old mother and wife, just trying to do the best I can... I am happy to stay ignorant to the world's issues if it means that I don't have to think about all the messed up shit that happens. Not that I would understand, anyways, my mind is too simple to even figure out politics. I'm just wondering if there is anyone else that feels this way, or if I am truly alone.. I am lucky that I have a husband who understands my issues and accepts me for who I am. I just need to know if this is a real issue, or if it's apart of my learning disability that was diagnosed to me when I was 7 years old.
"I feel like a failure, in every aspect of my life. I can't keep up in school, I can't keep up with basic everyday tasks like taking care of myself, I even failed in my relationships. I'm a mess.
 Years ago, maybe circa 2014, I thought I was starting something really special. I had gotten a group of my friends together and we were gonna make something, some kind of creative project, maybe an animation, but to me it was a dream come true. I was gonna be the leader of a group of my friends doing something, just like I always wanted. Then it was all downhill from there. I may have talked about this on this sub before when I haven't been feeling too great about myself.
 I HAVE been diagnosed with clinical depression, and I had gotten it in my head that so many things that seemed to be going on were ""destiny,"" particularly involving this one girl who was part of the group. She was my girlfriend, but I felt like I was ""destined"" to have a particular kind of relationship with her, perhaps a platonic one, it's hard to explain. Between that and the project, when things didn't go as I'd hoped, I sort of fell apart. Now five years later I still haven't truly gotten over it. I used to be suicidal, but now I've transcended that and have just sort of given up entirely. I'm no longer trying to make the project happen and the girl in question no longer wants to speak to me, which destroys me on the inside.
 On TOP of that, I just spent the last year as part of a political campaign that I was really putting my hopes on, and that didn't work out either. It just seems like everything I do is destined to fail now. I don't really have anything motivating me anymore. I mentioned that project earlier, but ever since then (even while it was going on, to be intellectually honest), I feel like my creativity itself has been drained. Every time I try to come up with a story or idea it feels fake and plastic. Nothing comes from my soul anymore. I wanted to be a writer, but without my ability to create anything sincere, it feels like that career path too has escaped me.
 So now here I am, with no light at the end of the tunnel and no reason to go on. In a way, it's peaceful, if nothing matters I have no obligations and can just do whatever I want, playing video games all day and living off my parents. I don't want that life, though, I just don't see any other options. I'm considering running away to Arizona and starting an entirely new life there, maybe finding some menial job and meeting a girl, starting a family and living the simple life. The quarantine probably doesn't help, but in a way, now EVERYONE is feeling what I'm feeling, trapped, perhaps comfortably, perhaps not, but with the world ending all around them."
"I feel like a prisoner.  Close  3  Posted by    1 year ago  Archived  I feel like a prisoner.  I live in a townhome with my father, Grandmother and emotionally abusive Mother. I moved out with my  brother in 2017 and moved back home due to problems with our living arrangements. I have found out that my mother was telling my brother to kick me out since the week I moved out. This has brought me a lot more stress.
 I've been diagnosed with major depression & anxiety since I was 13. Around this time my mother ran away from home because of some spat with my father. (She was physically and emotionally abusive for 15+ years and he shook her for 10 secs totally fair.) I was happy when she was gone. I haven't been since. I've been faking happiness for almost 8 years now and I'm sick of it.
 I have a very active circulatory system doctors say. I've tried cutting, pills, etc no dice. I cut very deep on my shoulder blade and had to cauterise it because while I didn't bleed out it was still an open incision. Nothing seems to work and I've accepted that I can't do anything right. I started crying today for no reason. I'm tired of trying.
 I work 6 days a week and don't really know when I can get back to the psych to get medication. I feel like I'm a step away from breaking all over again.
 I went out to bowl with my brother and his girlfriend and felt good. When my brother and I were in private he told me that my mother was telling him to be disappointed because I was anxious and I didn't want to go. This made my night worse. I got home at 2am and went to sleep. I woke up to my mother talking to my grandma about how I need her and how I can't leave home. I wanted to vomit.
 I woke up around 5 or so and asked if there was anything I could do and was met with instant hostility. I don't know what to do anymore. I don't have money to move out on the spot and I'm constantly being guilt tripped about even leaving the house. Sorry about the unstructured post. I can't think right and I'm not feeling great about myself or life right now. Sorry to be a downer on the holiday season."
I feel like I’m not in control of myself or my emotions  Close  3  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I feel like I’m not in control of myself or my emotions  I’m 21 and have been diagnosed with major depression since I was 16. My job recently changed my schedule from 12-5pm to 3:30am-10am and it’s seriously messing with my depression and anxiety. I don’t have any motivation and I’m super irritable with my girlfriend even though she’s an angel sent directly from heaven. She says since it’s changed I’ve basically just been sleeping all day and it’s like we’re just cohabiting. I haven’t felt this so it scares me. I’m on 300mg of gabepentin for anxiety and 40mg of cylexa but they don’t seem to be helping at all. I’m just looking for advice on how I can make this easier for my girlfriend. She literally does nothing wrong but every day something new sets me off. All feedback is welcome I just wanna be back in control of my life again
"I feel like I'm hanging on by a thread.  Close  2  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I feel like I'm hanging on by a thread.  Things are stressful right now. I'm trying to get classes done and graduate college. I'm in my 6th year, and I have two semesters left. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and borderline personality disorder (I'm kind of skeptical of that last one though some traits definitely apply to me), but thanks to a heavy load of medication, my mental health is currently manageable enough for me to function academically. It hasn't always been (hence why I've been in school for so long).
 In addition to that, my mom has schizoaffective disorder. For years, she's had really bad psychotic episodes on and off, lasting anywhere from weeks (when we're lucky) to months/years. She's also been dealing with a lot of legal trouble as a consequence of her illness-related behaviors. She's in a court-mandated program, but doesn't always do what she's supposed to and when she stops taking her meds she usually goes back to jail. Anyways, when her paranoia is at its worst, I'm usually the only one left who she trusts, even a little. I'm the only one who can talk to her. Throughout my college career, my semesters have been clearly impacted by whether or not my mom is doing well. So many times I've stopped whatever I was doing (often homework) because a frantic call from my stepfather let me know things were hell at their house and I was needed to intervene. Or because I was my mom's only connection to reality and I needed to make sure she had that. I live in my hometown, it's hard to distance myself from all of thisn. And I wouldn't want to, anyways - she needs me. But it's hard, and it's an incredibly difficult emotional responsibility to carry.
 My mom had been doing well for awhile, but she's getting bad again. And quickly. Like, in a matter of days she went from her normal self to deep psychosis - I've never seen it escalate this fast for her. I think she might be suicidal too. I'm so worried about her, and I hope she gets help soon, but until then I'm just trying to be there for her as much as I can. But it's so hard. It's hard to see and hear my mom in a psychotic state again, it's hard knowing how hard she's trying to hold onto reality even though it's slipping away so quickly, it's hard being so uncertain of the future - if she'll be safe, if she'll be there for my graduation, for my wedding, etc.
 Before this recent turn in her mental health, I was already incredibly stressed. I could manage it, but just barely. I'm taking 5 accelerated summer courses - so it basically feels like I'm taking 28 credits for the next few weeks. I have to work, and my employer doesn't respect my time or academic demands, so it's been challenging to manage and balance my time. I'm supposed to move in a month, and I live with other roommates who are pretty lazy and irresponsible, and I've been stressed about them having their stuff out of the house and their rooms cleaned on time. Plus I have to pack and move the furniture - most of the stuff in the house is mine. And I'm planning a wedding by myself. There's a lot going on right now, and I've been exhausted and pushed to my limits, but I've been dealing with it, knowing that most of it is temporary and most of it can be anticipated.
 But this negative turn in my mom's health was not anticipated. I hope it's temporary but it might not be. And this, on top of everything else, is so much. I feel like I'm barely hanging on by a thread. But I have to keep going, there's no other option. I just hope I can preserve my own fragile mental health in the process.
 I don't know how this is all going to pan out. But thanks for reading, if you got this far. I'm stressed, I'm upset, and I just needed to get all of this out somewhere."
"I feel like jumping out of my skin.  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  I feel like jumping out of my skin.  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder a few years ago. I took meds and I went to therapy. Nothing helped. A few months ago I tried to commit suicide but it didn't work and I am glad that it didn't.
 Year after year, I'm feeling like I can't seem to achieve anything and I can't fulfill the promises I made to myself much less others. Sometimes, I find there's too much in my plate and I can't seem to decide which to do first including my hobbies and end up doing nothing. And sometimes I feel that life is empty. So restless that I just want to jump out of my skin and go away somewhere I don't have feel like that.
 I don't know what to do. Some advice would be appreciated."
"I feel like my best is never good enough  Serious  Close  6  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I feel like my best is never good enough  Serious  This is a throwaway for obvious reasons.
 Before anyone mentions it in the comments, yes. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder, so I am away that a lot of what I am about to say stems from my mental illness.
 Second, I've tried therapy. It was pointless and only made my symptoms worse. Also, I can't afford it, so not an option. I'm just needing someone to hear me out.
   I was told Monday that I had to do better at my job or I would not have a job at the end of the week. I work in a day care center. This has made my already super high anxiety levels even higher. It has also made the depression monster chime in and tell me that if I can't be guaranteed a job, there is no reason to even try. The problem is, I am doing my best with the limited experience I have. My boss always sees me at my most frustrated because the children either refuse to listen to me, or only listen when I'm ""mean"" (I am a very soft spoken and quiet person normally so any raise in my voice to be firm is seen as yelling). She nevers sees all tje good I do, like the art projects (despite the fact I put them on the walls), the fact that I'm teaching them their ABCs in ASL, that I'm teaching them numbers to 10 in Spanish as well as English. That I go ober animals, their sounds, Where they live, that I'm teaching colors, amd everything else In supposed to be doing. She doesn't see that these kids (15 months to 2 years) are beginning to recognize what their names looked like when written down. She doesn't see that they are comfortable with me to ask to use the potty, even when they don't at home. All she sees is me struggling because the children are tired and hungry and dont want to listen anymore.
   If I loose this job, I dont have many options. I can either work somewhere that wont hire me because I'm overquailfied (like fast food), have no experience (retail), or I'm underquailfied (need a bachelors for some, masters of higher for even more). I have run out of financial aide and literally cannot pay for tutiton out of pocket because I'm barely above the poverty line. I have no savings to speak of (many of bills leave me with little to no money left over at the end of the month). I live in a semi rural college town and college kids get hired over townies (because college kids are cheaper and can work part time, therefore saving employers money).
   I feel like the only option I have is to move out of state and start over. I have no family where I am (except for a mother who choose an abusive boyfriend over me) and I'm an only child. Except, as said above, I'm so poor I can't afford a tent much less to move to another state. I am also in a six year relationship and my boyfriend likes where we live. Unlike me, he has a wider skill set that he can easily get a job anywhere (he is currently a tattoo artist and an awesome one at that). Plus, his family (which he has a much better relationship with) is here. Or most of his family anyway.
   I feel like my best isn't good enough for anyone. I work my ass off at everything I do and it isn't enough. I get shit on everywhere, by everyone. I don't belong or fit in anywhere. I have maybe one friend (outside my boyfriend) and no one else in my life. I am non-religious (atheist) so don't attend church. I hate bars, parties, and loud noises (I refuse to attend fireworks because I hate the noise. I don't know if I have PTSD but I might). I don't drink, smoke (cigarettes or weed, and don't plan too), and really don't enjoy being around people. I dont want to end up homeless again, and I don't want to be a burden on my boyfriend.
 TL;DR I feel as though everything I was told by people closest to me is true. My best isn't enough and I'm a worthless, useless, burden to society."
"I feel like my friend is trying to copy(?) me  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  I feel like my friend is trying to copy(?) me  First of all I apologize for my grammar, secondly I feel so frustrated ever since and I've been carrying these doubts for the past few years. I don't know who should I talk to because I know this is kind of wrong to assume things but for me I felt like choking and getting toxic about it.
 I couldn't remember most of it anymore I feel to miserable to think about it. I guess I could say that depression can really make you forget things, right? (which is why I'm really REALLY frustrated right now)
 Ever since I had my hair cut short, the next thing I'd see in their instagram story is that they're also having a short haircut too, exactly like mine, with fringes and all that. I posted my new eyeglasses, then suddenly the next few weeks they had the same frame as mine. Whenever I jokingly say ""wow we have matching glasses"" they would get defensive. I posted self-study about art and anatomy and paintings, then suddenly I'd see they're suddenly ""studying"" art as well. I let everything slide because fuck that I have such long patience. When I opened up about my mental health, that I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder and anxiety distress, and that I'm using art as my therapy because I couldn't afford one. Suddenly, they're looking for therapists as well for their depression and anxiety and would say that their mom would probably pay for it and all that. I posted something about using Clip Studio Paint again then suddenly I'd see them installing and using the same app as well. I tweeted I wanted an ipad and pencil then they'd tweeted on their profile they're planning to get an ipad and pencil either. I like to think these are just coincidences but...I don't think so anymore. I can't confront her, they're defensive af and would have a lot of friends attacking me for those. Sometimes they would one-up me with everything, they would brag everything to me like whenever I feel bad like saying ""I'm planning to rest for a while and not find a job yet"" then they suddenly tell me ""Oh too bad my mom has a lot of connections she'd get me a job in no-time!"" something like that.
 There's a lot more in highschool, but I couldn't remember anymore. I don't know who to tell because of course, everyone sees her as the good person, the better one. I feel frustrated as fuck. I really wanted to leave the country without them telling about it. But these days I don't post on my social media, currently observing how will they react if I don't post what I do on the internet. :)
 I understand it felt wrong probably, I just wanted to let this out.  I'm sorry."
I feel rude for complaining about depression  Close  1  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  I feel rude for complaining about depression  I'm thinking about going into psychology as my major because I love learning about all the different disorders and helping people and stuff. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and premenstrual dysphoric disorder. As well as underyling anxiety. When I'm reading or watching videos about things like schizo disorders, dissociation disorders, PTSD, anti social personality disorders etc. I think "Wow. I have it so easy" how can I sit here and complain when I'm just feeling suicidal? These people have to put up with even MORE than I do. Even WORSE representation by the media than me. Idk. I feel like I shouldn't be complaining about my problems when people clearly have it worse.
I feel unwelcome among my roommates, as if I'm a pest, or an eyesore.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I feel unwelcome among my roommates, as if I'm a pest, or an eyesore.  I don't know what I did wrong.  I try to be friendly and forthcoming, but I'm always met with dismissal or apathy. I just want to have a good relationship with everyone but it just isn't happening. Like many of you, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, and have made an attempt to take my own life once before. I don't want to let my emotions control me, but I can't stand this feeling of being despised by the people I live with. I feel like I don't belong outside my own room, and I hate it...
I find myself obsessing over death.....  REQUESTING ADVICE  Close  10  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I find myself obsessing over death.....  REQUESTING ADVICE  Not in a “I’m suicidal way”, but obsessing about those around me passing away. I fear for them and knowing that I don’t think I’ll be able to handle them passing away. Particularly my parents and close family. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, but due to the potential side effect of those nasty thoughts (and knowing people who have had those thoughts and are no longer with us) I have chosen, at this time, not to medicate for this fear. This obsession is taking over my life and has been building for a number of years. I’m at a loss as to how to help myself.
"I guess I'm just looking for advice or reassurance and comfort by posting this. I'm not in a good place and need to start getting better but I don't know how.
 I recently graduated college and broke my leg, so I've been on bed rest for a while now. None of my friends ever reached out or anything, so I've been feeling isolated, alone, and worthless. I had a bit of a falling out (unintentional) with some of my friends and the way they've treated me is really upsetting. Overall, the people I spent my entire college career with were not good friends to me even though I always tried my best to be a good friend and be considerate and understanding of their feelings if they ever seemed ""off"" because I can relate to that.
 I'm supposed to move for graduate school in the fall, but every day I wake up I just feel dread and like I'm not smart enough to be successful in the program and I'll just be wasting everyone's time and money, but I don't have other options or at least can't think of any. I'm scared because my heart is not in it for grad school, but I'm too scared to look like a failure if I don't go. The program could help me get a very good job, but I'll be unhappy in that line of work and I don't even know what else I like enough to pursue as a career. Or at least the things I think I would like seem to risky and I couldn't have financial independence, which is important to me.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety and have been taking medications for 4-5 years and they have helped, but recently I can't sleep anymore. I've never suffered from insomnia before but I stay up all night worrying and feeling physically sick from it. I feel like every day is a waste and I'm completely useless and I don't want to be alive but at the same time I'm too apathetic to actually hurt myself...
 This is just the basic gist of (some) of the things that are upsetting me, so I guess if anyone has thoughts on how I can pull myself back up again, or if you're going through anything similar we can talk about it too and maybe that will help. Thanks"
I had a decent upbringing, grateful for all the positive- But, I moved around alot and travelled even more- but I did not grow up with a earthly Father / Dad in my life nor any female best friends (because of fun envy) nor male bestfriends (guys are super cool but they always ended up crushing on me or it was inappropriate to keep male friends) and there's many times where I blamed myself for that and feel like I missed out on something huge- inconsistencies with sleep since birth led to poor time management skills because deep down I know sleep couldn't fix this kind of tired. The heavier stuff: I was conceived into an abusive marriage, physically abused at 3, accused of being a sexual predator at 10 by a cousin I love so much, diagnosed with major severe depression at 16, sexually targeted, harassed, and assaulted from family members, peers, family friends and strangers alike from 6 to 20 / 21. Most people just assumed I was the type to use myself for male attention, not knowing I needed the same thing all humans do ... true love and real friendship.:-) I was brought up in a family where I am the black sheep figuratively and literally (because of my multi-ethnic background and shyness / social anxiety.) As accomplished as my family is, they are divided, passive-agressive, and honor seniority, favoritism, money and say that they " love me " but get annoyed and defensive every time I ask or bring it up. Overall, my family does not support or respect me in my presence or absence and although I normally speak and think highly of them, it is not now nor has never been reciprocated. only God knows what they must truly think of me. They only share their cold opinion if there is a physicality involved that will draw the attention of a male- even then most of the women expect that
"I hate being mentally ill in this world [LONG]  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I hate being mentally ill in this world [LONG]  To give some backstory: When I was 2yo my parents divorced and a custody battle began over my brothers and me. I did not see my dad because I was not allowed to while my brothers were and I hardly saw my mom because she was working day and night for my brothers and me. So I was stuck with a nanny who abused me mentally, verbally, and sometimes physically.
 When I was 6 my mom was diagnosed with cancer and she died a few months after. My brothers and I then had to live with my dad, a man I hardly knew. I hardly had any connection with him; he was a stranger to me. My dad was jobless and alcoholic. Besides that, he has a light form of autism and he does not know how to manage his finances. So money was always tight.
 At 6yo I still lacked the basic skills a kid should have at that age. I could not tell the time, I could not tie my shoelaces, I did not know how to properly brush my teeth, I was never taught how to socialize, and there were many more small things I was never taught. I did well school, but I always got into trouble with other students and with teachers because I was aggressive and rebellious.
 Not surprisingly, my home situation was a living hell because my dad and my oldest brother were always fighting. It got to the point where my brother attacked my dad and I had to hold a knife against his throat to make him stop. Due to that situation, I never got any parental attention. I had to do everything on my own. Only my other brother would sometimes help me.
 Later, I got kicked from high school for hitting a teacher. Around that time I also discovered the reason why I was not allowed to see my dad when I was little. He was accused of having sexually abused me by mom, something that never actually happened. It was all lies. I hated my mom for that ever since. It screwed with my head a lot. It was around that time that I showed signs of depression, anxiety, and suicidal ideation.
 My teenage years were not much better. I got into frequent contact with police, got arrested a few times, did community service, and got hospitalized for excessive alcohol use. During that time my dad actually got hospitalized for his alcoholism which almost killed him. After the first time, he did not stop. Only after the second time, when doctors told him he would die he stopped drinking.
 My dad never really helped me with anything, he only pressured me to do well in school. Then when I finished high school he barely seemed to care. I went to university, but I found myself in a bad place. It was the first time I attempted suicide. I had stabbed wrist. I quickly realized it was stupid so I drove myself with a bleeding wrist to the ER in the middle of the night. I told no one except a 'friend' who made fun of me for it.
 In the years after that, my life was somewhat better. I did okay in uni, I had friends, I had a few relationships. However, during that time I was constantly confronted with my dad's financial issues. I had already loaned him money since I was 16. At 18, I inherited quite some money from my mom. I loaned most of my money to my dad to pay off his debt. Though it only seemed to get worse, to the point where my dad was about to lose his house. My brother and I then sorted out my dad's finances and we discovered that he made ridiculous and unnecessary expenses and that he could save hundreds of euros a month. Needless to say, my brother and I were pissed because all our life money was tight and now we had discovered that it was because my dad could not handle money. Only now, my dad is slowly doing better financially. A bit too late in my opinion.
 At that time I was living on nothing but hate. I was not happy with my life, not even content. I was so disappointed in everyone around as well as myself. The only thing I held onto was this hope of meeting someone good. Surprisingly, I met a wonderful girl and we got into a relationship. She lived in another country, however, so it was a long distance relationship. Nevertheless, we had an almost perfect relationship. I made her happy and so she made me happy. She made look at things more positively. We both helped each other. We saw each other a lot despite the distance (every month for a weekend, but mostly a week or two, and in the summer for 2 months). After 2,5 years she finally came to live with me. We were happier than ever.
 My life was finally coming together. Unfortunately, it didn't last long. We both were very busy. Due to our jobs and other responsibilities we could barely see each other (only 1 hour during the work week and then a bit in the weekends). Due to the stress, we got into tiny fights over nothing. Our relationship became a drag. I still loved her. I just thought we had to get through this and get a place together (at that time we were temporarily living at my dad's; bad mistake, I know). Her love for me faded though. She then wanted to break up pretty much out of nowhere. I had to beg her to stay which worked. The month after that went a lot better, but then it became a drag again. For some reason, I was not aware and I did not pick up her signals as they were rather vague. Again, she broke up with me out of nowhere. She had decided to move to the city in which she worked and where she had made new friends. I was devastated, but I still helped her move. A few days later, we had a talk about the relationship in which she simply told me that she did not want to give me another chance because she did not believe in me anymore and she did not believe I could make her happy.
 In the months after the break-up, I was doing really bad. It was not just a simple heartbreak. I realized something was really wrong with me. I sought professional help. Now I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder plus persistent depressive disorder (aka a double depression), anxiety disorders and a personality disorder, likely an attachment disorder. I was still friends with my ex, but I wanted her back of course. I screwed up and then had a few months of no-contact. I had attempted suicide twice by then but failed. Last October I met up with her. It was nice to see her, but also hard. She told me she was happy, but that she never want me back. I was devastated. The next day I sent her a farewell message and attempted suicide again, but she called me just in time. We had made plans to meet up more, but then, of course, I screwed up again. I had sent some emotional texts. Nothing too serious, but it annoyed my ex. She then suddenly blocked me on everything. I panicked and attempted suicide again. This time I got hospitalized, but since it wasn't enough to kill me I survived. In the past month, I have tried contacting her in all kinds of ways to no avail. In her last message, she said she cares and wants me to get better, but that she cannot stick around.
  
  
 Now I am here. I am completely fed up with life. I am so sick of being mentally ill and I feel I do not belong in this world. I have spoken with family, friends, and professionals. I followed their advice, I have been working on myself, I have spent time with others, I have taken meds, but nothing helped. In fact, I feel like I have only gotten worse.
 On top of that, I spoke to my grandma about my childhood. She told me it was not my mom's idea to falsely accuse my dad of having sexually abused me. It was my nanny who convinced my mom to do so. I still remember how my nanny had me stripped naked and repeatedly ask me where my dad had touched me, while she pointed at my genitals. She basically forced me into a confession. I was stunned after hearing that. All my life I have hated my mom, thinking she was the culprit, but it was actually my nanny all along. I am so infuriated. I actually know where my old nanny lives and I have to force myself to not go there because I would murder her in brutal fashion for all the damage she has done.
 At this point, my friends are slowly abandoning me. I guess they are getting tired of me. They blame me for not getting better. They do not seem to understand me. They seem to not understand the effects of my mental illness. It is either their way or I can go screw myself apparently. The same goes for my ex. She says she cares and says she wants me to get better, but she does not listen to me and just ignores me. They all seem to know better and treat me like I am some madman who can't think for himself. I feel completely alone while I am surrounded by people. Only my brother seems to actually care and understand me, but he can't help me with all of it. I understand that for those who want to help me it can be overwhelming and frustrating, but if they would actually listen to me it would all be a lot easier for both them and me.
 I simply don't know what to do anymore. I have no real options. The only thing I have is group therapy, but I doubt talking with others about our problems will do anything since I have already done that with some people and also with strangers on the internet. I just wish I could go back a few months to when I was still happy with my ex. I wish I knew about my mental illnesses then so that I could make the right choices. My ex told me it is not about me, but about herself. She said she simply wants to be on her own. Though I know she fell out of love because of me and then decided she is better off on her own. So she broke up with me because of me, herself, and the situation. Besides that, she had a way out. She has her job, cool new friends, and a nice place. I feel betrayed. I feel like she ditched me at the next best opportunity. I still love her, always have since the day I met her. I made a promise to myself that I would be the best boyfriend to her. Sometimes I made mistakes, but I'm only human. I meant well with all my heart and I had so much to give her. I saw a future with her and I spent 3 years with her, investing in our relationship, to make that future a reality. I saw past her flaws. I did not only act based on my feelings in the moment, but I also took in the past and the future. I know what I had with her was true love, and for a long time she felt the same as me about our relationship, but I guess she let her feelings get the best of her. I have not even told her all this. I have not spoken with her about the relationship and I have not gotten any closure as she won't talk to me. So I am completely broken and defeated while she is happy out there. Of course, I want her to be happy, but I wish I could be happy as well.
 It seems now that nothing can make me happy anymore; not hanging out with friends and family, not movies or tv series, not games, not sports, not drawing, not music, not dating, not sex, not work, not my studies, absolutely nothing. I just have no hopes for the future. I don't see myself finishing my studies, I don't see myself working; I don't see myself getting into a new relationship. How am I supposed to trust anyone with my feelings again when pretty much everybody has abandoned me? I still love my ex and it still feels wrong to go with someone else. I don't understand how people just jump from relationship to relationship, treating it like discardable toys. What happened to loyalty and commitment? I don't want to get into another relationship only to be left again the end. I want some who truly loves me, who is loyal, and who is committed. My ex gave me true love, but she apparently did not have enough loyalty nor commitment.
 People tell me that my ex is her own person and that she can make her own choices. Of course, she can. I always gave her all the freedom she needed. If only she had communicated with me about what was bothering her. I would have given her whatever she needed, even if it meant a break. Though I am not willing to give up the relationship for the wrong reasons. I don't blame her for the choice she made. I understand it. It is logical from her perspective. However, if she had communicated earlier everything that happened could have been prevented or at least could have been less bad. Now it is what it is and I can't change it. Everything seems to simply depend on time and coincidence while we actually have far more control over things if we would actually dare to take the step. For example, my ex does not love me now, but if she would give me the chance I know she can again. It happened before after the first time she wanted to break up. She told me then she did not love me anymore, but a week later we went out for a nice dinner and then she told me she loves me, she held my arm tightly, and put her head on my shoulder. Funny how feelings can change so fast, but it requires a chance. Still, she won't give me that and people tell me she owes me nothing; that no one owes me anything. Honestly, what kind of statement is that? Of course, nobody owes anybody anything. We can all be as selfish as much as we want. Though the world would be a far better place if we took some responsibility and returned some love and care. I understand my ex does not love me anymore and I know she gave me a second chance already, but how was it an actual second chance when she did not tell me what was bothering her and while I was unaware of my mental illnesses at the time? If my ex would give me one more chance it all could be a lot better, for both her and me.
 Not surprisingly, people tell me I am too reliant on her. I won't deny that. I love her and I have been with her for quite some time. I gave her a part of me and now there is a gaping hole in me. Every love is an obsession to some degree and involves reliance/dependency to some degree, at least true love. Any normal person would not want to lose it and would fight to retain it. Though I don't really need her. She doesn't have to be with me 24/7. I can live without her, just not happy. So in some sense, I do need her. However, I think everyone feels like that after a break-up or the loss of a loved one. It is an emotional attachment that suddenly should not exist anymore but still does. It takes time to heal and closure helps with that, but I do not have that and I cannot give it all up so easily. Believe me, I hate being so attached to my ex. I wish I could all let it go so easily.
 Now people tell me to just move on, to just get better, to just get help, to just deal with it. It is not JUST that easy. They tell me that life is full of opportunities and that it will get better. I understand that it seems like that from their perspective. They had pretty nice lives so far. I would be optimistic too if I had a happy life with only a few bad periods. Though I had a bad life with only one good period, which is the relationship with my ex. I never had the emotional, practical, and financial support they had. I had to all built that myself, and I was getting there. I had my GF, I was working on my studies and career, we were close to getting a place together, I had saved up quite some money. I almost had the normal life I always wanted. I almost that basis, that stability in my life, from which I could work towards the dreams of my GF and me. Then when my GF left me my whole life fell apart. It is not her fault, but it happened. I was so close, but of course I did not get it. Honestly, it sometimes feels like I am cursed.
 Anyway, I know I have issues and I have to solve them, but to me the only solution seems to kill myself. I already sent my ex a farewell letter and even to that she did not respond. I guess that's how little she cares. I simply have no energy to go on with life anymore. Considering everything I have been through, the mental illnesses I got as a result from it, and the problems they evoked continuously, I feel dysfunctional and that I do not belong in this world. I hate being like this and I would like to live a good life, but I can't.
 Sorry for rambling and thanks a lot for reading."
"I hate how stimulants work with my brain  Close  3  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  I hate how stimulants work with my brain  Or rather, don't work.
 I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and ADHD. I'm in the middle of a week of very important exams, and I  need  to stay focused. Today I woke up after a good night's sleep of 9 hours, ate a good breakfast, and took my cocktail of meds: 36mg Concerta, 150mg Bupropion, and 150mg Venlafaxin. Additionally, I took in total 450mg of caffeine in different forms. And all I can think of is how much I want to crawl into bed and keep sleeping.
 Today is not even one of those days when I feel so down that I want just to sleep it all away. Today I feel pretty good, I'm up early for once and it's a beautiful day. But I'm just so goddamn tired, physically!
 I'm thinking of having some more coffee, maybe an energy drink. I'm super frustrated. Stimulants should make my brain work better, so why am I so out of juice? Whose dick do I need to fiddle to keep focused, or even awake?"
"I hate my life right now.  Advice Needed  Close  2  Posted by   Perks of Being a Wallflower   1 year ago  Archived  I hate my life right now.  Advice Needed  I am tired of it. The constant tension headaches, the feelings of nothing, the constant worry of my mental state, Compliments don't work I feel like an imposter, I could go on.
 All this started since middle school when I had my first panic attack. Everything went downhill. My grades, friends, mental health, everything. I started to run away from people, I started to feel weak, and I started to become more insecure with myself. This made me depressed. In Highschool I became self aware of this, pissed off about it and became more cynical of life itself. I did better with grades, social life, made more friends yet I am not happy. Why? Why do I feel like an imposter? Why do I still degrade myself?
 I am tired of the fucking therapist I go to. He is an asshole. He wants me to become better but his words don't touch me until yesterday. He keeps saying I make excuses for what I want to do. What I want to do is join the military. OOPS TOO LATE FOR THAT! Since I have been diagnosed with major depression and GAD and I take meds I am PDQ. I can try for a waiver but it is almost impossible. The only way to join is to guess what? Lie about it. I have no problem with that. The problem I have is getting caught. Duck me. I can only think of the worst situation instead of living in the present moment.
 Also looking for advice for this is horrible. All I get are people telling me because of my mental state the best thing to do is stay away from the military yet I have met people who had mental problems and had no problem in the military like wtf. I don't want to kill myself. I think it is a cowards way out. Yes I had images of suicide but I would never want to attempt it.
 An old guy I met from my old job told me to do it and keep my fucking mouth shut about it because it is something I want to do, he supports me."
I hate myself  Close  5  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  I hate myself  Hey. So, I am feeling pretty awful. I don’t know why... some days I feel very motivated, happy even. I have this feeling like I can do absolutely anything. But, I still have suicidal thoughts... I know, it’s wrong, I shouldn’t think about dying... But I have this stupid reflex that keeps coming back, every time I struggle. Some days are better, some are worse. Guess it’s life. That’s what they all say. But why can’t I have longer period of happiness? Why does my brain keep showing me again and again all the mistakes I have been doing for the past years? Every proof that I am not a good person, a weight to those who I love and care about, while I know at the same time that my disappearance will be a weight to them... Yesterday, I even had the thought: Hey, they will cry for a little while, then after some time, they will stop crying. I will only be a memory that fades away... I tried to chase that feeling, but it comes back every now and then. What caused my depression? Well, I have been victim of bullying since I was a kid. I was the first of the class most of the time, shy and bit weird, and guess kids hated me for any reason they hate any kid. I am not particularly attractive, well, I think so. I am okay intellectually, and I am not taking too much space. I really don’t want to bother anyone. I sat alone most of my time in Elementary school. I loved learning, but I hated the people out there. I would have rather stayed home and play video games with my family. Even though we struggled with problems because my biological dad left us when I was only four, my stepdad was the best dad one could ask for. I mean, he took us, five kids of a single mom under his wings. He loved us like we were his. Nothing like my real dad who still lives at his parents and almost never changed a diaper in his life. I held a job longer than he did... So, yeah, at home it was cool. Even though there was the occasional fight between siblings, I would rather have stayed home. Then, high school came. It’s where I made my best friends, but also went through so much. Why is high school the worst period for everyone? I mean, Jesus... we all know that kids are going through so much change, that they are openly bullying people, and yet, adults ignore kids that need help. I don’t mean to generalize, but at my school, that’s how it was. It seemed like they ignoring any kids that needed help. The only help I ever had was from the school psychologist, but there was only one. One in a school of 4000 students. So, I was getting more and more bullied in high school, but at least, for once, I started to have friends. I met my first true friend at the library, and I litteraly saw she spotted me and wanted to be friends, so I tried running away, but guess what happened? Yeah, we are close friends now! Crazy how life is, eh? It was the first person who invited me to a party. And that’s where I met my two other close friends. In those two, how I met my best friend, well... she yelled at me. I know right haha. Almost ten years later, still the best friends in the whole world. The year after must have been the best of my whole high school. But, there was this guy. That fucking asshole. This guy was the kind of guy that would « fall in love » with you, because you were a girl and he was lonely. So, as that great year passed by, more people join our little gang and he hit on every girl. Even me. He would offer us something he had, say a week later that it was because he liked us, and at that moment girls would reject him. I was the only one who immediately turned down his gift, and he hated me since then. Yeaaaaah... Well, the year after, it started to be the beginning of hell for me. My mom and stepdad were starting to have lots of problems, and I heard there were rumors that my friends were saying things behind my back. All jealousy and such. I hated the two years where it happened. And then, I started to think about suicide, and eventually form plans to do so. Hey, I was miserable already, why not end it? And then, after that, I met with the school psychologist who diagnosed me with Major Depression Disorder. But, it was starting to get too late, high school was starting to end. I thought that maybe at this point, it would be less worse. But it didn’t. Prom was hell. Then college came. And the stupid guy came back in my life. At this point, me and that idiot would always have a fight now and then ended me by blocking him, and after a year or so, he would come back apologizing and two weeks after, it would all start again. So, again he comes, and he offers to drive me to work after school. The second I get in his car, he tells me: -So, everyone hates you? And he goes on and on listing everyone and telling me how much people hated me and all that while I was crying. That was it. I blocked everyone. The asshole. My good friends. Even my close friends. Even my best friend. And God, did it hurt. Thinking about it still does. That year, I ended up all alone, only hanging with a few friends from college. That’s was about it. But, the night before Christmas that year, I received an email. And it was surprising... since we weren’t in that era of communication anymore. It was Facebook and such. I was at work, so I waited till I was home to read it. And then, tears fell down my eyes as I realized it was my best friend who was giving me news, saying she was sorry, and that she truly missed me. That she understood if I didn’t answer back, but she would really be happy if I did. Which I did. I learned that forgiveness is sometimes a good thing. A week later, we went to the theater and tried to catch up, but everyone knows that you can’t talk much in a theater, so we then went to a restaurant. Boy oh boy, was I starting to see life a little bit better now. I felt... invincible! Then... I met... him. He was charming, sweet, smart... the dream man, am I right? Thing is, with a guy like this, they get in your head. And I had zero experience in romantic relationships, because I trusted no one. And I was on a high, because I was starting to have my old friends back. I should have trusted my gut. I tried my best to be a good girlfriend. I read about his autism, I read about what guys preferred in girls, I read about compromise... I had to catch to be the best girlfriend this guy had. I should have listened to my guts when they told me something was wrong. Shit man, I should have been myself... So, I never kissed before him, but I sure hated how he kissed me. He used too much tongue and I didn’t like it. And he kept using too much of his hands on inappropriate places, and I didn’t like it and he knew it. -It’s too difficult... he said. No, it’s not. I told him a couple times, even removed his hands from there, but it always ended that he got what he wanted. And then, it was talking with him. 90% of the conversation, was about himself. Was how awesome he was and how every girl out there wanted him. I kept myself calm and chased the jealousy. « Boys don’t like over jealous girlfriends » I thought. So, I did nothing. I tried to not tell when I would shower, because he would be inappropriate about it, and I was uncomfortable. But when he didn’t know what I was doing at all times, he would get mad. He even started to tell me how he thought my best friend was hot. Ignore, ignore, ignore. He drunk texted me. Usually, when people drunk text me, I make sure they are okay during the texting and the day after. And have a pretty good laugh about it. But I just quickly responded and put my phone away. I told him once that there was this guy hitting on me, and he quickly got jealous and very violent about it. At some point, I was starting to have enough of it. And my parents made me realize he was... egocentric. I knew it, of course, I simply didn’t thought much of it. So, I called him and told him that he needed to work on that, and we would work on it together. So, of course, like every egotistical person, the fault isn’t yours. It was my parent’s, they were trying to turn him against me. And to prove that, he lightly cut his wrists saying it was my fault he did that. At that point, he knew I was depressive. I was so mad, and I knew he did that on purpose. Something in my guts was telling me, that this guy wasn’t doing that because he wanted to die. And I take death threats really seriously. But of course, I kept that for myself. I just disinfected his little paper cuts and wrapped them up. He was accusing me of being a bad girlfriend and that he was doing nothing wrong, while I was silently parching him up. But me, when I needed help, well... I was crazy. So, one day, I was doing a crazy late night shift at the hotel I used to work to, and I had to wake up early the morning after. I lived from like fifteen minutes from there and he lived really close by. So,of course he offered me to stay. I was very clear when I told him I wasn't there for sex. That I wasn't ready. So, why the hell did he still raped me? Why the hell did I bled for three days? Why the hell did he covered my mouth when I screamed because it was hurting so much? Why the hell did I felt like shit, did I felt like I was a horrible person? WHY??!! What was wrong with me? What did I do to deserve that? Maybe, somewhere I did deserve that... Him, of gosh, he was so happy. He didn't understand why I didn't want to keep up and why I didn't sleep that night. And why I went to the hospital like a week after. Of course, at that point, I didn't understand either. I knew that bleeding was normal the first time. And... every couple has sex, right? I mean... it was a normal thing to do, even if it was so violent... It's part of every relationship, right? Right? I went to the hospital, because I wanted to kill myself. Why? I didn't know yet. I knew that I wanted to die. And when he came to the hospital I hated him so much. I didn't know why yet. And the day after, I checked myself out, because the psychologist thought I was maybe suffering schizophrenia. I didn't heard any voices, didn't suffer any hallucinations... I just was a soul in pain. And the week after, I left the guy, because he accused me of being the cause of HIS depression. At the time I had full time school and two jobs. A boyfriend who was asking for every single moment of my life and trying to reconnect with my best friend. I was still having trouble at home, it wasn't all pink, and he was accusing me of being the root of all his problems? Fuck. You. I told him it was over and never try to contact me ever again. I was slowly crumbling and I had to stop working at one place and stop school. I was weak. I hated being weak. I hated myself. I hated my life. I just wanted to die. But I was assigned a psychiatrist at this point, and would soon start appointments. My family doctor prescribed me meds that would relieve my depression. Heh heh, what a lie... Like a month or so after this happened, I went to Chicago. I am an avid traveler and earlier that year, I went to Europe for the first time. I had already traveled a lot and at that moment, I just turned major. It was quite the experience, but that trip, was a intern with the school. I am studying history, and hope that I could work as a historian in a video game company, and even expand some other of my skills to do so, like art, writing, etc... But, some of the girls I was hanging out with during the trip noticed the pills I was taking. Told them I was suffering from depression since high school. Good girls those ladies were. So, we were walking around in the Millennium Park one afternoon that we were having free from the teachers and we start talking about our sexual experiences. My turn came and I told them well how it went. The truth yeah. They were all silent. -You know... that's rape, right? One girl said. -Well... uh... I don't think so. I mean, we were a couple... -You aren't supposed to bleed that much. Said another girl. -And you said no. You told him you didn't feel ready. He should have respected that. -Well... I don't know... maybe I bled because he had a big dick... I answered. I was nervous. I didn't want to be the "she did it, now she regretted it" girl. Knowing what he did to me was criminal, and was what was hurting my conscience so much, I panicked. What was I going to do? I was super scared now to enter in a relationship. Plus, was I a lesbian? Well, I wasn't. Because I didn't saw myself in a romantic relationship with a woman. I just... wasn't into that. So... maybe I was asexual? Yeah, I was asexual. No relationship for me, no sex. But, I still was turned on by men though... When I came back home, I told my psychiatrist and my nurse, that I now realized that I was raped. She prescribed new meds for me. But every time I took them, I would fall in tears and had this urge to kill myself. I legit fell on the floor and started crying like a baby in front of my whole family who didn't know what to do or what was happening to me. Except my mom who said: I think you should stop the meds. I ran to my room crying and looked at those damn meds and read on the description that they were used to attenuate "auditory and visible hallucination". They prescribed to me pills that were meant for people suffering of schizophrenia. Now, I understood why they kept asking if I was seeing or hearing things... I went to the drug store and asked what was that for, and the pharmacist told me: -Well... sometimes you hear things. -I DON'T! The only thing I hear is you! I am suffering from depression, why am I prescribed pills that are meant for people suffering from schizophrenia? Was I going crazy? Was I actually in a world, a fantasy that was created by my own mind? Was I actually hearing voices? And then, the nightmares started... The PTSD. The alcohol. I was spiraling. I was just good for nothing... I started reconnecting with my other friends as well, and the asshole was furious about that. No one ever came back for him. My best friend was making sure that for her birthday party that year, I was staying. She literally didn't let me go one bit. And the second I went outside, overwhelmed, ready to plan my escape, she immediately joined me. I slowly realized that I was being loved by the ones I care so much. My mum, my family, my best friend... It sure was a tough year and I tried killing myself, but hey, I am here, no? Another year went by, I was having a hard time at school, dealing with myself was a challenge. I hated myself everyday. Aaaand I was being laughed at because of my rape. Yeah, even the asshole. He told me that I was pretending to go through some dark times to have pity. AND that my pills dose wasn't high enough. So, I said it was enough and I would never forgive him. And I kept my promise. Eventually, this guy turned asshole to everyone else, and lost most of his friends. Karma is a bitch, eh? A year after he tried, as usual to contact me again, and told him to fuck off. He left me alone, but things turned sour with my sister, and I had to patch that up. I learned in the way from that same asshole that my best friend was trash talking about me. So I went to see her, and well, turns out the guy was trying to break us up again, he was jealous of our friendship. I know it, because we tell each other everything and we promised we would never keep things from each other when something was wrong. That's how things worked for us, that's how it will be. That didn't kept me from feeling awful and wanting to die on my way back, though. And for depression to hit me again. I finally decided to seek for more professional help. I started to fill forms to receive help from a psychologist, since a psychiatrist can only prescribe meds for me and not enough expertise towards psychology. That kind of thing takes months, guys. I was on the verge of suicide. One night, I had those damn pills beside me, and I decided... tonight will be my last day on Earth. And then, I cried and cried and cried for what felt like hours. I decided to call the suicide line. I couldn't take it anymore. I wanted to die. I really wanted to die. I must have spent like 2 hours on the phone before I calmed down. And then, I had to tell my psychiatrist about it. More meds, yaaaay. At this point, I am completely addicted to those. Well, now, after a couple months, I finally had a psychologist. I changed jobs. The video game and movie store I was working at was hell, now I work at a cool video game store. It feels great. My ex coworker was mad at me because I deleted him from Facebook (he is 25, guys). I blocked him. Now, I am diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder, Anxiety, Insomnia, Attachment Complex and PTSD. Attachment complex as in I believe that I am not of value enough to live. I am not sure if it's the correct term... My psychologist told me about it last week, So, anyways... I am trying to get better, but I hate myself. WHY?
"I Hate myself, but I couldn't die.  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I Hate myself, but I couldn't die.  ""You're so talented and smart!"" 
 Then why do I feel so stupid? Why can't I stay at a job for more than a year? Why do I feel so lost, without purpose?
  ""You're so attractive."" 
 Then why do I see a monster when I look into the mirror? Why do I want to shatter every reflection I see?
  ""You have so much going for you!"" 
 Then why do I feel so empty and alone? I've always felt this way, from my childhood with a mother who forcefed me and hated me, to growing up in a cultish super Christian background (Pat Robertson level of crazy lol), I was alone. Ostracized. Never thought about my future BC I just wanted to die.
 My elders spoke of  a coming revolution. Maybe I'd be lucky enough to die in one, I thought growing up. I hate myself. I hate who i am, where I came from. I hate my job. SO.MUCH.HATE.
 I take calls and want to smash my keyboard. I hear my boss ranting at me and I daydream of sparks flying as my fist crashes through my small flat screen monitor. The thought of unleashing my rage never escapes me.  But vengeance upon those who hurt me will never come to pass.
  ""So move on and heal yourself."" 
 No shit, Sherlock. Suddenly I am cured! Truly I have seen the light! What a joke. I try to move on, but in my nightmares I remember the abuse of my mother. The fear instilled in me by my fundamentalist upbringing. Wanting to be a martyr. Finding out it was all a means of control. I hate them. I hate my mother. I hate myself.
 I act compassionate BC I know what it is like to cry for help and be ignored. But my hatred still burns. I take pills, to make me feel ""happy"". I'm diagnosed with Major Depression,PTSD, and Borderline Personality, so I must be made to feel ""happy"". Must take pills to feel ""happy"". Survived my suicide attempt, placed in a mental hospital until I told them what I wanted to hear... I didn't choose to live and I can't even choose to die! How about them apples?? Hah ha hahaha!
 Must remain happy. Must smile. Mold my pain into a plastic smile. That's all life is until i die. Play pretend until I die! Smile and laugh and work and eat, life not bad it's all a treat! I hate my life but that's okay, they won't let me end it anyway!
 Stay medicated. Stay alive. Keeo your violence bottled up.  Stay working. Doesn't matter if you hate the job. Work. Eat. Sleep. Rinse Repeat. Live. This is living. Can't die. Must live until you're old and broken, then die. Yes. That's my only chance. I have no talent. I have no drive. I live only because I failed to die on my own terms. Stuck in birdcage. I hate it. There's no choice anymore. I can't escape it.
 What's wrong with me? I don't know. I don't care anymore.
 TL;DR: I hate myself. My head's got a screw loose...maybe. Yeah.."
i have a alj hearing coming up in April. I have been diagnosed with major depression 296.32 and psychotic disorder. Iam extreamly nervous about the hearing. Its basicly a matter of survival for me. I have tried to work 19 differant jobs since 2006. I have been fired from every job. What kind of questions will i be asked at the hearing?????? I used drugs up untill 2008. Iam not going to lie about the fact that i used to self medicate for my conditions. I havent used any thing since april 2012. I have had a few relapses since 2008. I have always got right back on track though if i relapsed. I think they might try to turn everything into drug use and iam concerned. Can anyone help me?
"I have a question on what the fuck happened to me today  Close  10  Posted by  2 months ago  I have a question on what the fuck happened to me today  Hi guys, I had a very strange experience that included tactile and visual hallucinations today. So I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder for awhile now. It comes and goes (I was in a psych ward last year for 2 weeks due to this) recently I have been noticing random things. I remeber I was in class when I saw a man walk through the door to the class and I turned and realized nobody was there. Anyways, fast forward to today. I started off feeling extremely and unusually optimistic after a period of isolation and depression. I was laying in my bed listening to youtube, and suddenly felt strange, kind of “off” I guess? I sat down to play some games, but just couldn’t for some reason. I had to go and lay in my bed because I started feeling very off and not right. My heart began pounding extremely hard, my veins in my arm protruded more than normal, and my thoughts became nonsensical, just complete and utter gibberish, and surreal, meaningless thoughts. I began looking at my wall and ceiling and noticing strange faces and patterns, like I could see someone’s face made out in the shape of the texture of the ceiling. I also recently have been having wild thoughts and noticing strange, meaningless patterns in everything that I can come up with in my head, it’s like an ability that I have or something, or I’ll be able to tell how everything is connected (as strange as it sounds), it’s hard to describe but basically I can look at a completely normal mundane item and connect it to another normal mundane item (for example: you look at how your bed has a part where the sheets kind of are bunched up, and I’ll think “oh that’s just kind of like how everyone bunches up their problems together into one giant hill” or some random shit like that.) anywho, I began texting my friend ava and felt sort of “delirious” in a way, like I wasn’t all there as I was typing and was just completely going off of course about how her and I have more insight than those around us because of our illnesses or something, then realized how strange it was halfway through. I kept on noticing things out of the corner of my eyes (my boots seemed to become very long and black as that were sitting there and it scared me) or I would see a black figure out of my tc reflection dart across the road. I was in my room and was completely out of my mind on edge, I felt like something was crawling on me in a way, and every little noise sent me into the air from fear. Then, I look up at my room ceiling, and there is this circle where the ceiling is swirling in a liquid, clockwise motion, but then fades as I look directly at it for a second. I kept on noticing these black dots at the top of my ceiling moving around but they weren’t anything. I was getting paranoid as hell and heard “Brock(my name)” then “what was that?” in a whisper in my room but I figure I just imagined it. I decided to take a shower and I was frequently looking out of my curtains and was looking all around as I felt very wired. My mom turned on a tv show or something in the other room and it sounded completely terrifying, like a woman was talking in a robotic voice through the wall or something. Everything began to feel like it was “false” or how I was realizing just how strange our “existence” is, like I look at the ground and I just think how do we see this, it’s hard to describe. I looked at myself in my mirror and I looked like a different person somewhat, I then had a quick sensation of a bug in my ear (even tho I knew there was no bug), my dog barked outside and it send me jumping into the air gasping because I was in such a strange stare of panic. I sat down and saw a black little animal or something briefly pop up behind a bush across the street but quickly disappear. After sitting down for a bit, I began to calm down. It is not over yet (almost). I was in the car going to an eye appointment, and I saw this weird faint black “circle” that was made up of portions, it was transparent, and the different sections kept on getting sucked into the middle of the circle. It went away and wasn’t a bother, but finally at my eye appointment, they covered up one of my eyes to test it, and my entire vision in that eye because distorted in color and these black lines engulfed my vision but quickly went away, they looked like veins almost.
 Sorry for that wall of text, I’m just at a loss. I don’t know what to think of that since it was completely uncommon and I had never seen anything like it before. I feel a shitload better now as I type this (it happened at like noon), so don’t worry about me too much. Anyone have any ideas?
 Thanks in advance"
"I have a rather serious question about motivation  and existence.  Close  15  Posted by  8 years ago  Archived  I have a rather serious question about motivation  and existence.  I'm warning you, this is going to be a kind of long rant... so bear with me.
 About a year ago, I finished participating in this research study which set out to try to draw the line between people who have mental/emotional/personality disorders and people who aren't actually sick and just show some of the symptoms. It was a study that I absolutely supported because knowing the difference between someone who is sick and needs help, and someone who will be alright in a few months has a huge bearing on what types of treatment should occur, ect.
 That being said, since the end of the research study, I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and schizoid personality disorder... which can be a fairly awful combination at times and as such, I'm pretty sure where I fell as far as control group/not control group.
 Before I continue, I should mention that I'm not suicidal. It's certainly something that has occured to me before, but I know that I would hurt the few people that I really do care about. Like, ruin their lives hurt them, and it's really just not worth that.
 But I do have a rather serious question: how does the average person go about finding reasons to stay alive?
 Allow me to explain. I find that I'll probably not have children (primarily because I know that there are some things wrong with me that make a lot of days nearly unbearable, and I wouldn't want to impose that on my children), and it seems to me that we are just biological machines meant to create more biological machines. Now, there's no way that I can know the future, but I can know how I feel right now, and right now I feel bad enough that I wouldn't want my genetics making another miserable generation. I'll save procreation for people who are happy with their lives.
 As I very likely won't be breeding, I find that my existence is rather futile. Honestly, if I'm not going to fulfill my primary biological purpose, why even be here? I find it very difficult to care about anything to the point that I'm just kind of floating through life right now. It's not because I want to be negative or boring, but that's just how it comes out.
 As such, I really want to find a motivational reason to live: some reason to believe that my existence (despite the fact that I am an individual in a world of almost seven billion people) is meaningful.
 A few details about me that might clarify my situation: first of all, I am an atheist. I used to follow, and agree with, absurdist philosophy (espcially the works of Camus), but now I find the meaningless bliss to be more of a meaningless tedium, which is rather frustrating. I am a 5th year college student pursuing an English degree. I would love to be a writer, and I've found my niche in absurdist fiction. I've even found possible publishers for more refined versions of my work. I've not been in a serious relationship for a couple of years, mostly because I don't see the reasoning behind it and I can't find anyone who is all right with my views on the meaningless of existence (for fairly obvious reasons, it's not something that I talk about often, and typically takes the girls that I date by surprise. The relationships usually end soon afterward).
 I don't sleep much (not by choice) and I also don't eat much (also not by choice). I seem to exist on this magical combination of caffeine and nicotine. Everyone would say that I'm this silly, eccentric, smart funny dude, but it's kind of a facade that I hold to the world. I would really love to not have to force it, and actually wake up in the morning that happy and ready to take on the world.
 So, Reddit, TL;DR What keeps you moving forward? I could really use some help here. I'm starting to grow tired of the tedium seemingly inherent to my own existence."
"I have always hated myself  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I have always hated myself  I don't remember ever loving myself. Since I was just a little girl I've always felt so much hatred towards me. I have been diagnosed with Major Depression recently and I can only think about how I don't deserve being depressed.
 How can I love myself when I've never had that love to begin with?
 I know I'm not the only one who feels this way, so please, what have you done to feel better? what can I do? Sorry for my bad English. My mother tongue is not English."
"I have an appointment with a psychiatrist next week after not seeing one for several years  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I have an appointment with a psychiatrist next week after not seeing one for several years  I moved several months ago to south AL from my childhood home in north AL. I took a decent job that has good benefits, so for the first time in my adult life, I am able to go to doctors and specialists. My experience with mental health help in the last 18 years has been school counselors, the hospital after attempted suicide, and some state-funded mental health clinics after the attempted suicide. This time I'm going to an actual... psychiatry clinic that has excellent reviews. I am very lucky to only have to pay a tiny bit out of pocket because of my new insurance.
 I have never been clinically diagnosed as having OCD, but I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, PTSD, and generalized anxiety.
 I know that I have OCD, even if it has never been written in my mental health record.
 Do I bring this up to my new psychiatrist? Do I bring up my past diagnoses? Do I let them re-diagnose me?"
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression along with possible BPD. It's somewhat under control since I am on medication. But just before and just after my periods it feels out of control. I'm all over the place and it's really hard for me to be a stable and working woman. I'm not sure if it's a thing so would appreciate any help.
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and am currently on antidepressants. I am normally able to function with my depression but tonight it doesn't seem I can. I have to do an entire history project and some algebra homework for tomorrow.
"I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and have battled with it since I was a child. I have refused to take medication, and at some points, I've gotten so low and dark, that I felt my only source of escape, other then killing myself, was to cut myself...
 I have since been through therapy, and developed more healthy mindsets - with this, I have come to find that there are much better ways to cope with the pain of depression, and so in the video below, I try to share my experience with the condition and offer some suggestion on how to cope, based off of what I've learned:
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXatynLRwl8"
"I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and my school life has been stressful. I can't stop feeling lonely and suicidal. Most of my teachers don't make it any less miserable either. The personalities they have are just bitchy.
 If there's nothing they can do about it, or if I can't grow the courage to tell them, how can I handle school pressure and expectations with clinical depression? I hardly ever feel motivated to do work at home because my computer fills in the empty void in me."
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and started drinking heavily as a result and was hoping  I I could start working out as means to get healthier and kick my drinking habit
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression for 4 years, anxiety disorder for 3. School work has been effected for as long as I can remember. My memory and listening comprehension is sub par. When overwhelmed by tasks or information, I shut down. My dad told me back in elementary school teachers told him I wasn't focusing. I have wondered if I could have learning impairments but now at 26 it's really become frustrating. I am reaching out to the sub to see if it is atypical to have ADD now if I didn't get diagnosed as a child.
i have been diagnosed with clinical depression for almost three years. and right now, i have applied to different scholarships and i got accepted but, my depression and my fear always hinder me and ask me to pull back all the time because i don't know if i could handle pressure properly. i am also scared that i could not reach the maintaining grade of the scholarship. i have a history of always pulling back everything. that's why i always transfer to different schools. what do you think? should i grab it or not?
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression From the age of 13 and am now 28. I need the meds the doctor prescribes just not to want to kill myself which have actually gotten worse in the last few months. How do I deal with is and move forward as a man with no one to talk to and work through this potentially lif ending dsease?
"I have been diagnosed with clinical depression now for about two years. My depressive thoughts are well managed for the most part on 300mg of Wellbutrin daily. I go to school full time, pull good grades, work 20-30 hours a week as a veterinary technician (hard work!) as well as extra curriculars. Looking at my life from the outside I seem very ambitious and rather successful relative to where I HAVE been in the past. However, once you walk in through my front door my personal life appears to have gone to hell. You see, last summer I did stop my Wellbutrin as I was feeling better, but I did end up falling into a slump. I think it was because of a short lived, energy draining relationship, but it could have been going off medication as well. However, as of about July 2016 I stopped cleaning my place. COMPLETELY. I usually let it go and then I would make plans for someone to come over and get to making it look at least presentable, but I haven't had anyone over in 7 months. This has taken a toll on my social life as well as my dating life. I want to go out and make plans, but I feel like any free time I should be tackling my place-even though I never do. My apartment looks like a perfect candidate for one of those hoarding shows. I had a fruit fly infestation and it was bad. We are talking fruit fly pupae or larvae in my closet, in my dresser drawers, the adults even got in my fridge and freezer. I was able to break the cycle with them and they have not come back, but it frightens as well as frustrates me that a fly infestation TO THAT MAGNITUDE would not be a wake up call for me to get my place in order. It is filled with trash everywhere, old food on my table and counters, as well as 3/4 of my wardrobe on my floor. Things are also of course just misplaced everywhere as well. I constantly buy new stuff because my possessions are either not clean or easily accessible. I do not know how to get serious about improving this HORRIBLE quality of life. I have been honest with my doctor about it and he said to start off by doing ten minutes straight of cleaning and it encourages the brain to keep going and activates it's reward system. However, I feel like this does not work for me because my place is SO messy that my sub conscious self defeating thoughts just creep back in before I continue a daily routine of ten minutes dedicated to cleaning.
 Does any one have any applicable advice? I know it is causing negative self talk and that of course may be the origin of the problem, but it is just so incredibly draining to my spirits and my confidence in myself. Thank you for listening!"
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression since age 13, and I have been on Lexapro for god knows how long.  Although I am generally fine, there are often times when people make me feel worthless and I relapse and take as much Lexapro as I can.  Still I live to take care of kids.  They make me feel so happy. Especially when I am able to create some sort of great change in them.  I feel like I have some sort of value in the world when I take care of children.  Anyway, my question is this: Am I stable enough to be working in this field? I mean I am already in a direct entry program and majoring in it sooo yeah.
"I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, about a month and a half ago. This was over a year after a very public (and unfortunately) very failed suicide attempt. Since then, things have gone downhill fast. My parents absolutely refuse to acknowledge anything is wrong, and do whatever they (legally or in some cases, illegally) can to ensure that I don't get help.
 I'm currently on anti-depressants, but due to my schedule I can't take them at a regular time, making them worthless. My therapist appointments were all canceled because I have antidepressants - my parents apparently not realizing that antidepressants alone won't do much of anything for me. I had someone I can trust and they were taken away.
 On to what happened today - I had my antidepressants taken away (""because they're hurting you""), I was screamed at (""IT'S JUST ANY EXCUSE FOR YOU NOT TO WORK"") and when I tried to defend myself all I want to do is cry. Other things said to me today
 ""You're selfish, rude, and arrogant. You've never been depressed.""
 ""Your damn medicine is tearing this whole family apart""
 ""You are worthless to me""
 ""If you die now, it'll be the drugs fault""
 ""You aren't our problem""
 ""You're not fit to go to school, you're just not capable."" (School is the only place I can hide)
 Amongst others.
 I tried to respond, I tried to say that screaming at a depressed person is sad and rude but then they just screamed more.
 I need someone.
 I don't have anywhere to go. I can't escape. I have nowhere to run and nowhere to hide.
 And that is why I'm sitting in my room
 Preparing to die."
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anger issues and major anxiety I am 13 so no one believes me I wanna die but I'm worried for my family. I know I am very young and you're probably thinking I'm being an idiot just like everyone else at my school so um yea
"I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anxiety disorder, and Asperger's. Ever since I moved out on my own my depression has been getting worse and worse, which has led my therapist to suggest I get a dog and register it as an emotional support animal. She noted that it would definitely help with my depression, and even prevent my occasional suicidal ideation. I have tried researching what it takes to get an emotional support dog under Illinois law and I have found nothing clear. One site states that Illinois only protects service animals and another states that the Fair Housing Act protects emotional support animals.
 I'd love to get a clear answer on this. Especially because my apartment complex charges a $375 deposit for all new dogs and I can't afford that."
"I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, mild anxiety, and potentially ADD (or symptoms similar or ADD as a result of depression).  I find that I have trouble with being motivated to do things such as getting important tasks done, working out, etc - I feel that this is keeping me from living a mentally, emotionally, and physically health life.
 I want to learn how to build a life that includes a framework of habits/activities/practices, that make me as mentally/emotionally/physically healthy as possible.  I think that has a lot to do with dopamine levels in my brain
 I have a lot of goals regarding my life and my health and I feel ambitious about them, but I lack the motivation and drive to put real work into them!! This is something that I want to conquer.  So far I have been prescribed Wellbutrin, but I understand that drugs are just a tool - you have to use that tool to create healthier habits in your life.  So what are those habits and how to I accomplish them?
 I want to make myself into the person I want to be, but am having trouble with motivation, and with HOW to go about doing it/how to begin"
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, severe anxiety as well as social anxiety, ADD(a rare form of ADHD) and PTSD. I also have dyslexia. Can all of this be misdiagnosed and instead I have CPTSD?
"I have been diagnosed with clinical depression. I have been battling with my demons since high school and at the age of 25, they are back in full force. I know I have to keep taking my medication and continue professional help, but I would like to know how Buddhism has helped those who aren't merely ""having the blues"" but who struggle with their own minds every moment from the time they wake up.
  Edit  I can't even begin to thank everyone for the responses I've received already. You taking the time to share your knowledge means the world to not only me but everyone who comes across this. I've read every one of your responses and will continue to re-read them."
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression/anxiety and it was caused by my upbringing. My parents fought all the time and they were very, very strict on me. I personally know somebody who has been diagnosed with a wide range of mental disorders (including depression) and it was caused by the fact that she was molested by her stepdad and had a baby at fricken middle school. Her baby is now 6 years old and she still suffers. Life events sometimes trigger clinical depression and that’s a fact. Saying that depression doesn’t have a root cause is quite offensive to many people.
I have been diagnosed with major depression and I’m a psychiatric social worker. When I disclosed to a friend of mine (also a psychiatric social worker) she said: Why are YOU depressed? As a social worker she should know chronic depression is mainly a chemical imbalance. I was disgusted by her and disappointed. It’s not only the general public who will make those statements it’s also professionals who make that mistake.
"I have been diagnosed with Major Depression, Anxiety, and ""Moderate"" PTSD. AMA  Close  3  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I have been diagnosed with Major Depression, Anxiety, and ""Moderate"" PTSD. AMA  Feel free to ask whatever you please :)
 Edit:I see you guys comment in my inbox but when I go the thread itself it doesn't show certain comments so if I'm not responding that's why :)"
I have been diagnosed with major depression. They have put me on five different medication. The only one that really works to lessen — not eliminate — my depression gives me wonderful (not) side effects such as decreased libido/sexual ability and strange and vivid dreams. I am very happy that I don’t want to kill myself, but thanks to the dreams, my sleep is less than pleasant. I am afraid to get off the medicine and try something new because it might not work as well or have an even worse side effect(s). Our mental health system leaves so much to be desired. To get approved for counseling is like going through an act of Congress. Thanks for sharing. I wish you well.
I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. My therapists believe that I qualify for the diagnosis of Persistent Depressive Disorder (Dysthymia). I have heard my therapist use the term “complicated grief” in sessions a few times. I believe that the symptoms she’s identified as complicated grief are PTSD symptoms. But as far as I know, I don’t have an official diagnosis of complicated grief or PTSD. When it comes to my formal diagnoses, it seems that I’m only told what they are if I ask. Instead of spending a session talking about my formal diagnosis now, I’ve assessed myself against the DSM-5 criteria of those disorders I believe I have. I have matched my symptoms with the criteria for Major Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Dysthymia, and PTSD. Over time and more sessions with my current therapist, I believe she will come to the same conclusions I have. My therapists have asked me what about an official diagnosis makes it important to me. I assume they ask because working on my issues doesn’t require a diagnosis, which is fair. What I believe having an official diagnosis gives me personally is validation of my experience, that my symptoms have a cause, and they’re normal. A diagnosis also gives me a community of people with experiences similar to my own, and a way to easily communicate with others about my life. My depression and anxiety first manifested themselves when I was in 6th grade. I had a low mood most of the day, every day. I was worried about my grades to the point where I would have breakdowns in my room and cry over assignments. At the time, I didn’t know that my intense but brief chest pains were anxiety attacks. This general trend continued throughout high school and college. My first major depressive episode was during my freshman year of high school. My second major depressive episode occurred during my freshman year of college. June 2017 my partner died in a car crash, at which point what I label as PTSD took a front seat. Due to symptoms of depression being present for so long, I now qualify for the diagnosis of Dysthymia or persistent depressive disorder. The symptoms of these disorders have an impact on my everyday life. For example; my classes trigger anxiety, certain places I must go trigger flashbacks of losing my partner, flashbacks can trigger a depressive episode, I find myself dissociating (depersonalization and derealization), and often being unable to focus. Writing about my mental illnesses is writing about my life — there is no cure, just living with it as best I can. If you’re interested in hearing more on a specific topic, or you have questions, feel free to leave a comment!
I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for 13 years now, I am so tired of every time I feel like I’m making progress that I fall back into a depressive episode, I feel like I am trapped and there is no way out. I was hospitalized back in August and I feel like I have just continued downhill from there...”good” days are few and far between, it’s getting harder to do anything. I feel like I’m letting everyone down because they want me to be better and I just can’t seem to get better, I feel like I’m just bad at being alive.
I Have Been Diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder Which Linked To Chronic Pain/Inflammatory Condition of my Clavicle, Who Here Lives with One and/or Both Conditions or Similar Conditions and Has Compulsively Used Porn for 4+ Years In Adolescence?  Close  1  Posted by   264 Days   1 year ago  Archived  I Have Been Diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder Which Linked To Chronic Pain/Inflammatory Condition of my Clavicle, Who Here Lives with One and/or Both Conditions or Similar Conditions and Has Compulsively Used Porn for 4+ Years In Adolescence?  I have a pretty unique theory I'd like to share with these guys, based on two years of living life and eating a shit sandwich which went un-diagnosed.
I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, complex post-traumatic stress syndrome, generalized anxiety disorder, and I frequently endure panic attacks. You’re darn right, I’m ill because I certainly didn’t choose to be this mess of a person who has become a burden to those who care about me. I didn’t choose to lose a good job and be unable to work because of my mental illnesses. I didn’t choose to want to vomit every time the doorbell rings.
"I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Persistent Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Disorganized Attachment Disorder, and Dissociative Disorder Not Otherwise Specified, AMA that feels too awkward to ask in person  Close  1  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Persistent Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Disorganized Attachment Disorder, and Dissociative Disorder Not Otherwise Specified, AMA that feels too awkward to ask in person  My goal here is really just to be super up front about my personal experiences with mental illness. I am not any sort of professional, and it is worth noting that all of these diagnoses have been given to me by licensed mental health professionals. Please feel free to ask me anything, and don't worry about hurting my feelings or making it awkward. My whole goal here is to share my subjective experience in order to help people see the personal side of mental illness.
  
 I should also add that while I have never been diagnosed with Dissociative Identity Disorder, my therapist has told me that based on my described symptoms, she cannot rule it out as a diagnosis. Because I did not seek treatment at the time I was experiencing these symptoms there is no way to know for sure what was going on, but Dissociative Identity Disorder is a real possibility."
"I have been extremely depressed for a variety of factors, but I'm just focus on one huge one. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and also having a distinct thinking process which might make things less meaningful for me, but that isn't important to get into now, just know that it is considered as a positive difference and not a disability which encourages the other stuff I'm going to talk about. I'm guessing this is a subreddit to do a lot of venting, but I am mainly writing this for answers and feedback, because I truly feel that this problem is very, very unique. I am 18 years old and my brother is 16. To start this rant off and to paint of picture of what I'm dealing with: just a couple of weeks ago, at a cruise, when I jokingly told my mother I was going to secretly throw my brother off the boat when he wasn't expecting it, she was slightly worried that I was. She had good reason to guess anyone in my position would be tempted to do so.
 My brother's entire existence has been reduced to trying to make me kill myself. His unique behavior became more directed towards me in his mid teens, but people can still see hints of my brother's desire to verbally abuse me when I'm not around. For nearly every single day of my life from 16-18, (my brother had different ways of expressing himself, this period of my life might be the worst, although he caused havoc during other parts of my life) my brother's behavior consisted of:
 Calling me ugly about 3 times a day for a year.
 Saying I have no friends about 3 times a day for a year.
 Yelling at me for leaving drops of water in the bathroom after taking a shower. About once every 2 days a year.
 Yelling at me for leaving a crumb on the dinner table, even though I'm actually very clean. About once every week. For a year.
 Calling me ""dirty boy"" and other belittling comments about once a day for a year.
 (My favorite one): pretending to throw stuff at me to see me flinch, for entire minutes. After I flinch he proceeds to make fun of me. Pretends to punch me without actually touching me for the same effect. (About once every 2 days)
 Trying to stalk me during school to listen to conversations I have. He then tells me, while my mom is listening, what I said out of context. does this to make my relationship with my parents complicated.
 After talking with others, my brother tells me to shut up, that nobody likes me, etc. Goes hand in hand with him trying to eavesdrop on random, day to day conversations. He attempts to control as much as my life as possible.
 Now this is his typical, sanity-whittling behavior. Of course I didn't put everything in here, but I want you guys to know he is very, very dedicated. I happen to be in awesome physical shape as a result of trying to deal with my depression, so most of his abuse is mental. I'm starting to realize I'm very easy to push around and have an extremely large threshold for anguish. So far, you guys might think ""who cares, why don't you just ignore him?""
 And I do- I have to. I walk away from him, even though this might only encourage him and give him the feeling of control he wants. But the problem is, my parents are inclined to take him seriously. So if he yells that I left water in the bathroom or that I have no friends, my parents assume that it's constructive criticism. They assume this because he is so absolutely dedicated to literally torturing me, that he must have some logical reason to drive me crazy. So my parents end up bothering me as well. And if someone calls you something mean about 3 thousand times a year, even though you ""ignore"" it, it takes energy for you to listen and process it, unless you are deaf. It just does, just like noise in general. And add the fact that this ""noise"" reminds you of how rejected you are in a family, then you got genuine torture.
 My brother is so dedicated to seeing me writhe, that, at one point in the climax of a period of depression, where I had been crying twice every day for 2 weeks while my parents told me school would make me feel better, my brother would mimic me and make fun of me while I was on the ground crying. The same week, I think, when he wanted to sit in a specific chair while we were having dinner with guests, he touched me inappropriately as his way of reacting when I refused to move. (Absolute dedication-my brother isn't sexually attracted me) I then proceeded to try to cut myself with scissors. I didn't, and I kind of messed up. Hopefully these kinds of events really put his other behaviors in perspective.
 Questions and skepticism: is this behavior one sided would be a fairly common question if I explained my situation. Answer is yes, or else I wouldn't care. This is behavior that happens right when I wake up, right after we get back from school, at family gatherings, whenever. As an attempt to make him think differently of me, I have helped him with his schoolwork about a couple of years ago, but it's hard to help someone with homework if they yell at you and call you stupid days later because you said something. Recently, I have helped him study for the SAT, even though he still caused me pain days before and after I helped him. What is surprising is that he is very different when he asks me for help, and suddenly is not as mean. Of course you guys and I would think the obvious of him trying to get help and understanding that you can't do that and be mean at the same time, but I'm starting to think differently, because absolutely no 20 minutes can remotely make up for the way he influenced me, and he probably knows this. He also probably knows that Immight help him anyway if he made fun of me, because I do it so he can change his opinion of me-not as a way of rewarding him for good behavior, so it wouldn't matter how he acted.
 Because my brother's behavior consists of many weird, arbitrary things (instead of like one specific action that caused trauma) my situation might seem harder to sympathasize with, and that only matters because then it's harder to care enough to evaluate my situation. I can assure you that his behavior towards me is comparable to getting raped multiple times over the course of half my life. I haven't been raped, but the permanent psychological effects that he has developed in me (like constant nervousness and paranoia and stress) are probably found in people who have been traumatized by one specific event.
 So, of course, because I'm human, I ended up starting to change my behavior towards him. I've given up completely, after years of trying to convince him that hurting me will not make his life better. Ordinarily, when he says I have no friends for the 50th time in a day he was particularly bored, I would maturely ask him why does he care so much (I have friends and whatnot, but I figured this is the best way of approaching him). Now I gave up because I realized that there must be something else unrelated to me that causes him to verbally abuse me in any way at any time. This may seem far-fetched, but I'm guessing my brother is a psychopath. I don't think he understands the concept of hurting people doesn't equal better life for him.
 I've received complaints from my peers at school, so I know others can at least see a fraction of his behavior. I know Im not secretly delusional and created some kind of demon who I named my brother. His behavior is heavily adapted to fit th people he is talking with, and it comes off as very phony (it is). My brother has his own social issues, and so far, this seems to be the main reason for his absolute hatred of my existence, as some kind of weird jealously. But what doesn't add up is that I think he thinks he's fine socially, which isn't very true.
 To be clear- I have multiple friends, I was never bullied, but I'm more introverted. This is important to know so people know that there's a possibility of him being absolutely delusional, compared to just bugging me about something that is actually true.
 And his behavior towards others is not completely different to that of me; he easily will make fun of people if he thinks it will make him popular or something. He's oblivious to how people interact."
"I have been out of the social life for as long as I can remember. I will spare you the long story, but I will specify a few thing that have led to my 0 friends.
 I outcasted my self in the 3rd grade due to my lash outs. I was lashing out due to my personal issues. My parents were getting divorced and all the drama that comes with that was not easy. Once I got older, I began experiencing severe emotional issues.
 While teen issues are common, mental health issues run thru my family. I have been seeing psychologist for over 3 years, not too much help. I am diagnosed with clinical depression, bi-polar disorder type 2, and severe social anxiety disorder. Some other suggestion for what I have has been suggested, but those are the ""for sure"", if you will, issues I have.
 Basically, making friends has not been easy at all. I am a extreme introvert. Even when I was offered friendship, I didn't accept. I just felt awkward and very uncomfortable.
 Things have changed over time, I do school at home and I am almost done. I am on new medications that seem to be working better then others,  and my question is,
  
 How, and where do I get back out there? I just seem so lost, I don't even know where to start. Any and all advice is extremely appreciated!
 As long as things can continue to improve, I hope to reach out and be a good friend to people."
I have had this horrible thing for as long as I can remember. I don't know when it started, but I do remember being frustrated by it throughout high school. I was on adderall for ADD and then switched to Vyvanse.... I thought the drugs were causing it, even though I ate a balanced meal throughout the day. NOTHING worked. I am no longer on those and I'm on Wellbutrin and it's still going on like it is. I was also diagnosed with major depressive disorder this year and was hospitalized twice. When I was at the hospital I was able to go back to sleep... no problem. When I go to a hotel I can go back to sleep too... it's just when I'm at home or there's food near by at a friends house, that it happens again. I can go back to sleep at a friends house too. I'm sure if I were to stay at different place long enough, it would start happening again. It's so frustrating and I am SO TIRED OF IT. It happens EVERY SINGLE NIGHT. It drains my energy for the next day. I force myself to eat breakfast (even though I'm not hungry) to help with my mood after eating sugary/carb food during the night. There has never been a night I didn't do it... besides the hotels and whatnot. I see my doctor soon, so I'll ask about trying Zoloft. I heard it helps with that. I just can't keep living like this. I have struggled alot with suicidal thoughts too (I'm okay now though). It so embarrassing and shameful to talk about or even to tell someone about. I'm dreading talking to my doctor about this. A family member struggles with this too, so it's possibly genetic. I hope you guys to can help me feel less alone. I am so tired of this. I am also within the healthy weight range, as I have read it mostly affects those who are overweight or obese. However, it can affect those who are of normal weight too. I am in my early 20's... I'm sure it could get that way if it's not treated soon though. I exercise, but have quit lately because it's affecting my energy levels more and more. The older you get the harder it is to get away with it unfortunately :( I just hope I'm not the only one!
"I have hit rock bottom, I am insanely burned out to the point where I am physically unwell, and I have absolutely no idea what to do or what I can even do when it comes to a career change  Close  118  Posted by  3 months ago  I have hit rock bottom, I am insanely burned out to the point where I am physically unwell, and I have absolutely no idea what to do or what I can even do when it comes to a career change  I Know that this is not a typical post here, and I am sorry but I really don't know what to do.
 I'm having to use a throwaway account because honestly a lot of the information I'm going to post on here and on the resumes subreddit is going to be very identifying but this isn't a ""I had a hard day and I'm really burned out"" post.
 As an individual over the last couple of years I have been diagnosed with major depression, severe anxiety, and post traumatic stress disorder due to events in my personal life. Over the past two years I have been becoming increasingly more angry, I have developed sleep issues and migraine issues, I have virtually no work life balance to speak of and like so many people who work in IT I do literally  everything . The merest thought of going into work at the moment makes me sick, I don't just mean I feel like it's a bad idea, no I feel physically sick. My overall level of distain toward my position and what I do has gone from simply not caring to complete and total apathy with incredible irrational levels of anger surrounding even the slightest thing be it a task I have to complete or a minor interruption. I have completely isolated myself in work I close the door to my office as much as I can. I simply don't care anymore. I have never hated, I mean truly hated what I do as much as I do right now. About three months ago I feel like everything just boiled over and I'm no longer in control of these feelings. 90% of the time the door is closed to my office because I feel like I'm going to scream. Again, that's not an expression, I genuinely, completely have actually had an unavoidable urge to actually fucking scream and hurl things. I've physically had to stop myself.
 My therapist has already said that I am on the verge of a major mental breakdown. And the few people that know me have said I need to look at changing jobs, but I feel completely trapped. I'm terrified of moving on to a different job because there is at least some security in my current position (although I'm probably sabotaging that with my current attitude) I have what I can only describe as imposter syndrome because I have no idea how I am still employed, and at this point I don't even know what I am capable of because when I said above I do absolutely everything I  really  do mean everything. I'm pretty certain that I meet all the qualifications and roles of an IT director, or an operations director. I'm a project manager at the same time right now and I'm deeply technical to the point where I am one of my companies most senior engineers. I'm dealing with sales, HR, R&D, almost all aspects of the business. You name it and I'm dealing with it. It's a tiny company and there is simply no one to offload to. Not even the company owner, I am not a one-man band but I am managing 60 different accounts and all of their staff and all of our expectations on top of the internal stuff. I'm the virtual CTO for these organizations too.
 It's now gotten to the point that I have genuinely had severe suicidal thoughts over the last two months.
 I know that the first piece of advice is to get out but I have absolutely no idea whether I can actually do some of these jobs or what jobs are even open to me. Our company has never touched Dev-Ops. Hell neither have I. There's no infrastructure to speak of in AWS, Azure, Google... all of it is purely in our Co-Lo. Not only that but there is absolutely no growth. I can't even get time to properly learn things myself because beyond reading, there's no training, and I doubt I would have time for it. I'm falling behind desperately.
 The majority of recruiters simply won't work with me and actually review my resume. Instead 90% of recruitment calls and emails I get are ""oh I think you'll be a great fit for this role"" and proceeds to forward me a temp position at barely minimum wage despite my experience on my resume.
 I don't know if this is common in the MSP world or whether I'm just at a bad MSP.  I honestly like being in an MSP versus working for a single company but I think at this point my overall mental state has reached a point where I'm desperately close to harming someone or myself.
 I simply cannot give up work, I don't have anyone I can reach out to and say please help me, I have no family, and I financially can probably support two weeks before I'm in trouble, and it's not like my current MSP has a staff level where I could take an emergency leave of absence (if they would even give it to me) And I know the moment I bring these things up to my boss nothing is going to change because we've all brought things up like this before.
 I am terrified right now and I need help and I haven't got the faintest idea of who to ask. It's not like we have decent health insurance we don't have any other kind of insurance or even a retirement plan so outside of my work I have all of my money, literally all of it going into savings and retirement because otherwise I simply have nothing and I really do mean nothing.
 I know this is not a typical post at least in this sub, and  surprisingly I actually want to stay in IT but I am in a lot of trouble here. Of course, I have a non compete so moving to another MSP is more or less out of the question.
 Cursory googling tells me I'm not alone. But holy shit.
 Again, not a typical post. Maybe this is just a vent. a Rant. A desperate plea to other business owners to not run your staff so far in to the ground that they're taking xanax pills twice a day. But if someone has thoughts, advice, or has been through this and can offer guidance on where I can even start... it'll maybe help
 EDIT : hey everyone, I wanted to say first and foremost a huge thank you for the outpouring of support. I didn’t expect this post to get much attention and certainly not much of a response but I’m truly grateful for everyone that has reached out. I haven’t yet responded to anyone directly because I’m gathering my thoughts and trying to come up with some kind of game plan but it is very clear that I’m going to have to either leave or set very clear terms understanding that I’m either going to leave if those terms are not adhered to or I’m going to stick with it a little while longer in a very different capacity.
 I’ll start replying to everyone here reasonably shortly but I have a few other things I need to take care of first. Thank you to everyone and if you find this post in the future long after it’s archived please know that just writing this down was a tremendous help"
I have no empathy for others, only for animals. Is this normal?  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I have no empathy for others, only for animals. Is this normal?  I never really thought about it, but it was pointed out to me that I have no empathy for people, and come to think of it, it is true.... I have zero empathy for humans, even friends and family members. as I was thinking about this, it goes back to my childhood as well. all four of my grandparents have been dead for quite a while and as each one died when I was little, I felt no sadness or anything like that at all. my mother recently went through cancer and I did not feel sad at all; she was actually quite upset with me for not showing more emotion and condolences. whenever acts of terrorism or mass shootings happen and a bunch of innocent people die, I feel no remorse. whenever I see a bad car accident, no remorse.... however, I do feel bad for animals. I care alot about my cat and whether or not she is comfortable, happy, etc. Is this normal? I've been diagnosed with major depression with psychotic features, but never anything on the autism spectrum.... could this be an undiagnosed thing or what??
I have no empathy for others, only for animals. Is this normal?  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I have no empathy for others, only for animals. Is this normal?  I never really thought about it, but it was pointed out to me that I have no empathy for people, and come to think of it, it is true.... I have zero empathy for humans, even friends and family members. as I was thinking about this, it goes back to my childhood as well. all four of my grandparents have been dead for quite a while and as each one died when I was little, I felt no sadness or anything like that at all. my mother recently went through cancer and I did not feel sad at all; she was actually quite upset with me for not showing more emotion and condolences. whenever acts of terrorism or mass shootings happen and a bunch of innocent people die, I feel no remorse. whenever I see a bad car accident, no remorse.... however, I do feel bad for animals. I care alot about my cat and whether or not she is comfortable, happy, etc. Is this normal? I've been diagnosed with major depression with psychotic features, but never anything on the autism spectrum.... could this be an undiagnosed thing or what??
I have no idea where to go with this, but I feel like I have to get it out.  Let me give some context.  I am diagnosed with clinical depression.  It’s pretty bad.  It has been especially bad lately,  but it has never manifested itself into anger.  Usually just the opposite.  The lack of emotion.  The last two days have been weird.  Yesterday I smashed my 60 dollar PlayStation controller against my door.  Not only did I throw it, I went and picked it up to smash it until it was in pieces.  I’ve never done anything like this in my life.  Then, today at work I was just fuming.  Tossing stuff everywhere.  Cussing.  Letting out burst of anger in mild yells.  I work in an office alone so I can get away with it to a certain point, but definitely not a great idea.  I guess I’m just concerned.  I have regular counseling and am trying to schedule a med meeting soon, but I’m just kind of scared.  I want to say I have a grip on it, as I feel fine now,  but it just came out of nowhere.  Let me stress, I could never hurt a person or living thing, including myself.  Okay, I feel better just typing it out
"I have seen the same psychiatrist for about 2 years now. I have tried about every medication on the book with very little success. My body responds awful to any SSRI as well as any SNRI. I am diagnosed with clinical depression, PTSD, ADD and anxiety. My brains about fried. We finally did The genesight testing and all of the medication on the good side gives me awful side effects as well. So now my psychiatrist doesn’t know how to deal with this. I know part of my depression is the clinical because I have a very stressed out lately and nothing seems to go right I just feel stuck. But then I also have the impending doom every morning, I struggle to get out of bed to start my day, I can’t pay attention for the life of me, I have other personal issues about PTSD that I would not like to discuss but I have that on top of all this. The only medication that has ever worked was Adderall it made me feel like I could concentrate finally and not stare off into space or fidget all over. However, I take Ambien for sleep and it is the only thing that has worked for me out of all the things I have taken and I’ve been on it the longest, around 10 years. My doctor won’t give me Adderall while I am on Ambien so it’s either stop the Ambien and get adderall and vice versus. What I really need is a benzo as I get sudden panic attacks all of the time and have even called 911 over them a few times thinking I was having a heart attack.
 Is there anything natural that you take? I would usually swim but I can’t afford a gym membership at the moment. I’ll do yoga but that doesn’t really help either.  I’m trying to look at life as there is a reason that things happen the way they do and it makes me feel a little bit better but then something will happen like me just having to pay $3500 to get my car fixed and I’m back to being down again.  I think I might pay to get a test that runs all the vitamin levels to see if I’m off in anyway. I’ve had my hormone levels checked  and they’re fine."
"I have severe anxiety and I want an IUD but I'm terrified. Is there any way I can ask for a sedative during the procedure?  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I have severe anxiety and I want an IUD but I'm terrified. Is there any way I can ask for a sedative during the procedure?  Throwaway.
 -22 year old female
 -never had kids
 -I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder (I've been suicidal but never made any physical attempts) and an anxiety disorder.
 -I take 40mg of the generic version of prozac.
 -I have trouble with anxiety attacks in medical settings and an inability to stay put during discomfort.
 I've also never been on any kind of birth control (including never had a pap smear, I know it's overdue). I'm really reluctant to try pills because 1. I'm scared that the hormones will turn my mood really, really south. I've come close to killing myself several times and I'm scared that the hormones will be the little catalyst to make it happen for real. 2. I'm really forgetful and without a doubt I will probably have trouble taking the pills every day, let alone the  same time  every day.
 Thus, I really want to get Paragard. But, like 98% of reddit threads, testimony from friends, and the like I've read up on say it's ""extremely painful."" I don't even know what to expect, because my periods have never really been crampy,  at all . I feel I have no prior experience to compare it to, and I'm scared of scheduling an appointment and chickening out.
 If I requested it, even if I have to pay extra (something I can afford and would be willing to do), would a doctor either give me strong painkillers or oral sedatives (not talking about Ibuprofen, but stronger) or put me under twilight sedation? I understand the procedure is quick and not really invasive, but I physically do not think I can go through with it otherwise. Thank you."
i haves started staying indoors a lot lately and the long hours of therapy havent helped me in the past. I feel that therapy is just plain useless and it is upto me to make my life better however since i have been diagnosed with clinical depression, do you think that it is possible for me to build relationships or all the ones that i build will be damaged and would amount to nothing in the future. I have always actively searched for women who understand me and act as a motherly figure but that never happened. I am also surprised to see so many friends around me who arein relationships with women who take utmost care of them and help them in bringing all their shit together. Infact, most of them have almost nothing to offer to the girl except for security. Is it possible to find such women? apart from that, i am really sexual and have a really massive sex drive. I masturbate about 4 times a day and also pay to get handjobs from hookers. My life has become a total mess, with me not liking the field of study i am in, out of which i cant drop out as my parents money is at stake and they will be left with nothing if i do so. Even when i am with friends, i feel low and alone, a feeling which is really hard to describe. I have never done drugs of any sort except for drinking once a week or less with friends. I also started exercising everyday but am struggling to keep any good habits. My sleeping patterns are fucked and i sleep about 12 hours in one day. As the valedictorian of my high school, i used to focus a lot on my academics but at this point, i am struggling to pass even the basic courses. My whole career and future is at stake. I am experiencing a lot of problems concentrating and reviving my memory losses.
I hide my real feelings from friends and family, because I don't want them to worry anymore.  Close  40  Posted by  8 years ago  Archived  I hide my real feelings from friends and family, because I don't want them to worry anymore.  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder 2 years ago now, and thoughts of suicide were constantly encompassing my mind day in and day out. Now, my emotions are quite unpredictable, from being completely jovial, to just wanting to die. In the beginning of this ordeal, my parents and friends were intimately involved, motivating me and pushing me to move past this, which I felt was succeeding. However, I realize that the "dark emotions" return at any random moment, propelling me straight down to nothingness once more. I tell my family and friends that i'm okay, that there is no issue, when in fact, I think of death every single goddamn day. I don't don't want the questions and the looks of worry anymore, as I feel I should just deal with my own pain. For better or worse, its what I feel is best. Thanks for listening i suppose..
"I hurt and killed insects and animals for a period when I was about six or seven to about nine years old. I believe it is because of the trauma I went through (more info in text) but I cannot let go of the shame, self-hatred, self-disgust, and generally feeling like a POS.  Close  1  Posted by  5 months ago  I hurt and killed insects and animals for a period when I was about six or seven to about nine years old. I believe it is because of the trauma I went through (more info in text) but I cannot let go of the shame, self-hatred, self-disgust, and generally feeling like a POS.  I'm a female, 29 years old. When I was four, two huge events happened in my life: my mother got diagnosed with breast cancer, and my younger sister was born. Within maybe 6 months I developed an intense sibling rivalry, the reasoning behind which I cannot remember, but needless to say I started to become violent with my baby sister, trying to hit and push her. One day I admitted that I wasn't sure if I would be able to control myself from taking her and throwing her off the upstairs balcony (I have no memory of this but my aunt told me about it). As a result my parents put me in a psychiatric hospital for a while when I was five (I don't remember the time frame but I'm guessing it was maybe a week), and I was absolutely terrified. I thought they were abandoning me and trying their life out without me to see if it was better. I believe I stopped the violent behavior towards my sister after that, probably out of fear of being hospitalized again, but the trauma from that hospitalization stayed with me, and I think I decided I needed to bottle things up inside me and that apparently I was a bad child, a bad person.
 My mom's cancer got worse, metastasized, spread throughout her body and into her brain. Thirteen months after her diagnosis, she died, just a few weeks after I turned six. I remember many hospital visits, seeing my mom barely understanding who anyone was or where she was, watching her physical and mental state degrade. One day at home her hair started falling out in clumps from the chemo and she asked me to help her remove her head hair. I said yes, and did it with her, but the whole time I also felt somewhere deep inside that this was scary and upsetting, but it was my mom, and she was asking me to do something (She had a traumatic brain injury before I was born and it affected her reasoning, I believe that is the only reason she would have done such a thing), so I did it. My aunt also told me about a time where my mom, aunt, dad, myself, and doctors were in a hospital and my mom was talking to me about her cancer and the chemo and how it would affect her and I went and hid under a chair and covered my ears and told everyone in the room I wouldn't come out until we stopped talking about it.
 Losing my mom was devastating, obviously. I remember the moment my dad told me she died, especially vividly remember the numbness, emptiness, and bit of dissociation that spread over me, a little six-year-old girl, once I heard the news, as well as at her funeral. I did know deep down that she had a high chance of dying because of the cancer, but it was still soul-shattering when it happened. I felt extremely alone, permanently different from all of my peers and pretty much anyone I'd ever met, and just... scared. Scared and alone. My dad was going through his grief and he's never been cold or unloving but I think he just didn't know how to process it all either, and I feel like I sort of pushed most of the grief processing aside.
 Here's the part that will be upsetting to people, but I want to be honest as possible and give details, so proceed with caution if you are sensitive.
 At about seven years old I started pulling the wings off of small skipper butterflies I would catch in my backyard. I then started pulling their heads off. I would watch and be fascinated by it. I think I was fascinated by death, trying to understand it. It made me feel gross and very bad, but also gave me some sort of release and part of me was just curious about what would happen. Then I sadly moved on to the litter of kittens that one of our cats just had. I would pick the maybe week-old kittens up and hold them a few feet in the air and then drop them onto the carpet. I did it repeatedly until one of them slowly died over days because of internal injuries. I felt HORRIBLE when it died. I admitted to my dad, sobbing, that I did it and it was my fault the kitten died. I know I got put into some sort of therapy for this, but obviously it did not help, because I continued doing this for another couple of years. There was apparently a rabbit that I killed that I don't remember hurting at all (my aunt told me about it many years later), there was also another older kitten I suffocated by cutting a slit in small rubber ball then putting the ball over the kitten's head, leaving it there for minutes watching the kitten squirm and trying to get it off, then pulling the ball off and seeing the kitten out of breath and panting. I know that kitten died but I can't remember what the exact cause was. Finally, this is different but also I feel related so I will include it: my dad made friends with a couple of parents down the street and their kids and myself would have play dates. One of their kids was a three-year-old girl, and one day when I was about 9 years old, the urge came over me to just tell her that her mother had died. No-one else heard me say this to her. She got scared and upset and denied it and I just told her ""yes, it's true, she died"". I remember some sort of feeling of satisfaction knowing she was hurting the way I was hurting. I feel like shit for that, too, obviously.
 At the same time I was doing this, I was also genuinely (and still am) a huge animal-lover. I always have loved animals. I loved our multiple cats and dog we had at the time, I had ""my own"" cat when I was nine, I was crazy about cuddling with her every day after school and treated her like she was my baby. I was a good kid in school, followed rules, never wanted to get in trouble, never really ever got in trouble (not until 8th grade and that was because of poor grades and absences because of depression). I've always thought of myself as highly sensitive, caring, and compassionate. By the time I was a teenager the self-disgust I had was through the roof and much of it focused on what I did to those animals and I guess also what I said to that girl. I also was assaulted by the 40-something brother of our live-in housekeeper/babysitter (we had to get one after my mom died so my dad could continue to work) one day when I was about eight. He cornered me against a wall and forced me to kiss him on the lips. He didn't physically hurt me, but I told him no, I didn't want to, and he kept insisting and held his arms on either side of me, making me feel like I was trapped. Eventually I let him because I felt it was the only way to get out. He never did anything else after that that I can remember.
 So, I'm 29 now, have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety (diagnosed at 13), and borderline personality disorder (diagnosed this year). I have made some improvements in living with these conditions but sometimes the self-hatred really kicks in and those things I did as a child are always one of the main things my brain pulverizes me over. Please understand I would NEVER, EVER hurt any animal or person. I love helping animals and helping people. I adore my pets and turn into complete baby-talking nonsense whenever I interact with an animal like a cat, dog, bird, heck even snakes and lizards! I went to school for wildlife conservation and management and am looking for work with animals.
 I can't shake the thought that I'm somehow evil or bad because of what I did, even if I wouldn't do it anymore. I can't shake the thought that everyone in the world will think I'm a monster if they knew what I did. I can't seem to get it to sink in that I was a little girl that was traumatized, lost, terrified, and felt alone from a very early age and didn't know how to cope or find help or manage my emotions. So, if you've read this and if anyone has any idea how to get myself to forgive myself and understand myself, I'd love to hear it. Or maybe I actually am a monster and shouldn't be forgiven at all? I don't know anymore.
 Thank you for any input and sorry about the length."
I just found out that I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and possible schizophrenia and I don't know what to do.  Close  2  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  I just found out that I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and possible schizophrenia and I don't know what to do.  SacEdapt clinic wants to take me in but that means I'll have to drop my current therapist and psychiatrist and I don't know how I feel about it. I'm only 18 I should have to deal with this.
"I just found out that the young man who bullied me for years, forced me to leave my school and community, and whose actions contributed heavily to my desire to end my life at 12 ears old is a medical doctor, and runs a children's charity. I want to scream.  Close  118  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  I just found out that the young man who bullied me for years, forced me to leave my school and community, and whose actions contributed heavily to my desire to end my life at 12 ears old is a medical doctor, and runs a children's charity. I want to scream.  He relentlessly tormented me from the time we were in elementary school, to my mid teens before I left home for another province. He was manipulative, callous and was able to use these traits to turn my own family members against me. If I didn't have proof that he existed, I would think he was a schizophrenic hallucination. Adults in our community knew that he was targeting me and turning others against me for years. He cost me more friendships than I can count. He did it at school, in the neighbourhood, and in sports. I tried to stay away from him and he would relentlessly pursue. I even had my 8th grade math teacher tell me that I would solve a lot of my problems if I could ""just grab and beat the shit out of him."" That's a direct quote. From my math teacher.
 I've been having a rough couple of years. Fiancee and I split, I was raped, my career has fallen apart and I've been diagnosed with major depression and PTSD. Now I find out that not only is he a physician that graduated with honours in our hometown, he also started a children's charity that has taken root in several major cities across the country. I want to scream. This can't be happening. He's beaten me at everything our entire fucking lives, and it continues to this day. This feels insane. It's like waking up to discover that you were the villain the whole time. I seriously feel like I'm watching a fucking movie. This can't be happening. I want to puke, scream, die. Fuck this. This asshole was the reason I wanted to  slit my own fucking throat in my kitchen when I was THIRTEEN FUCKING YEARS OLD. Now he's a GODDAMN DOCTOR while I sit and wallow in the wreck of my own career awaiting medical release from whatever fucking (dis)organization I belong to.
 And no, I'm not going to let this go because he and his fucking cronies took my fucking childhood away. He was the reason I threw up in the mornings before school. He was the reason other kids weren't 'allowed' to play with me. He was the cool kid, and if you wanted to be his friend you weren't allowed to be mine. Those were the rules, and at a cliquish school that was the only survival method kids had: group together.
 I've been wondering about whether I should just end it and this is like the universe rearing it's head up and saying ""You're right. He was better than you all along. They all were. Look where you've gotten to in your life. You were nice, played by the rules and were meek and mild and it got you nowhere. Those kinds of guys are the real successful ones and you're foolish to think otherwise. You're a failure, have always been a loser and continue to lose and fail to this day. The light's not getting any brighter and you may as well finish the fucking job you started in the kitchen when you were thirteen.""
 I feel crazy. If you've made it this far, well done. I have a stress headache and need a good brisk walk and a drink.
 Fuck this life I'm living."
I just got my very first teaching job, dad  Close  8  Posted by  2 months ago  I just got my very first teaching job, dad  you passed on july 6, 2016, after taking your own life and i found you. since then, i have been diagnosed with major depressive, generalized anxiety, and PTSD. but dad? i made it. I did my bachelors degree in the average four years, and yesterday i got a call confirming that i have a teaching position that will start as soon as i am out of finals in april. you were my best friend. and i wish i could hear you say, “i’m proud of you,” because i know you would just be bursting with joy. something you should have had more of. miss you.
"I just had an incredibly tough session with my sexual health doctors. The way it works at the subsidised hospital I go to here is that there is a lead doctor, a physiotherapist, and for the first time today a clinical psychologist who specialises in helping patients through the emotional aspects of sexual intimacy. I cried through my entire session and almost walked out at one point but I stuck it out because my incredibly supportive husband was with me in the room.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety for about 7 years now and was just diagnosed with secondary vaginismus last September, though I've been experiencing the symptoms since early 2018. It hasn't been easy working through both, especially since I went off my depression meds for way too long and my perceived failure as a wife has been extremely triggering.
 I would love to hear from others who also have mental disorders and vaginismus and how you might be dealing with your negative thoughts or lack of motivation to do PT."
I just need to talk about stuff I guess. Comment if you want.  Close  1  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I just need to talk about stuff I guess. Comment if you want.  I'm 17(M) my mother abused me as a child until I was 8 when my dad gained custody of me while I was in the middle of a 8 year custody case, I've seen my best friend die in front of me while my dad gave him CPR and got to see his tensed up dead body while I called 911, and I've been diagnosed with Major Depression, Moderate anxiety, and recently moderate PTSD, and I have felt like crap for 6 years when I was first ever diagnosed actually 7 years now, My girlfriend just ended our 11 month relationship and I gotta say it hurts but the thing is in the first few months of our relationship I was a bit of a jerk but not like excessively just when I got pissed off. I wont lie it was a pretty toxic relationship, she broke up with me off and on again and cheated on me 3 times and I took her back everytime because I loved her because whenever she wasn't making me feel stressed or depressed or even suicidal by getting very distant with me, she had an amazing personality and I loved her for that alone. On a daily basis she would want to be left alone and in the first few months I always tried to pry an answer from her everytime she did because she had a history of self harm and suicide attempts and she was living in a motel at the time and still is actually with a mother who used to emotionally abuse her and 2 little brothers who were brats. Then she broke up with me the first time but had cheated on me within the first month of our relationship, she broke things off because she said I was to "pushy" ad in I tried to find out what was wrong when she got distant and I'm not innocent I had my problems that were not okay in a relationship but after the first break up I changed my whole attitude and personality for her so she didn't dump me again. I became the absolute most supportive and positive boyfriend I could, if she wanted to be left alone I would leave her alone if she needed to vent I was always there for her, she once had a panic attack about rape during a time when we were doing "the act" and I immediately stopped everything and cuddled her while she was shaking and crying and I told her I'd never leave her and that everything was okay and that she was safe. I would stay up until 2 to 3 am for her I didn't go to bed until she did and I'd always text her a goodnight wishing her sweat dreams with a bunch of emojis even if I was tired and wanted to sleep so badly. I would help out with her brothers when they were bugging her, I'd help clean around their motel room, I bought her bratty brother a $75 hoodie just so I could show her I cared for her and her family even if her family were a bunch of jerks. But then she started to want to be left alone more and more for longer to where I'd only tell her Goodmorning and wouldn't text her again until about 11 pm, I kept getting more and more depressed and suicidal and stressed out because she had broken things off again and we got back together and I was so scared waiting for the text saying "I can't do this anymore" again as that's how she always ends things off, plus with her cheating I was paranoid she was always cheating to where I became a little snoopy, everyday I put on my happy face and was the most supportive boyfriend someone could ask for, she was coming over on my birthday and on my birthday I had a mental breakdown where I threw things including a fan and I cried loudly and tried to cut myself but never did thankfully, I collapsed to the floor crying and shutting down, but my ex was texting me while I was breaking down and she was being distant while she was on her way to my house and even in the midst of a breakdown I still put on my happy face and asked her what was wrong. I'm not innocent though I had my moments some bad enough where anyone would think to end the relationship right then and there but I changed for her and to me for the better because I did rant to her about my feelings quite a lot a bit to much which was part of the reason for the first break up. The first break up hurt so badly I can't describe it she broke it off as she left my house after a fun day and night if cuddling and other stuff and it mentally scarred me for a bit and still kinda does because whenever she got distant I would start having a panic attack because it reminded me of the break up and she got distant a lot. Recently she ended things for good finding another boyfriend after cheating on me again by sucking off an ex, us getting back together and then her permanently ending things a week later on the day of our 11th month anniversary even telling me she had a date a few days later. And I told her I still wanted to be friends at least since we were great friends before we dated and obviously things were awkward I told her I need time to get over things before were not awkward and today she said she didn't want to be friends and blocked me on everything social media including my number and said that "things will forever be awkward and I can't associate with you when I'm with someone else" and she also said "I'm not dealing with this f  ing b  ***it" and now we can't talk at all I tried to convince her to not block me but it didn't work, I told her I tried to give us space for me to heal so things wouldn't be awkward but she didn't care so I'm not sure how to feel. The sad part is I still love her but I also realise she is messed up and needs help and that she was very toxic to me even after I changed myself for her but I can't help it. I'm not gonna lie before we dated I was still depressed and stuff and I have my oh an demons, I for the life of me open up to my family, I have a very supportive family including extended family, my sister is awesome and since we grew up in a ghetto when she heard about how my ex treated me she had a couple of things she'd like to say to her, my aunt and uncle and cousin and their two adorable dogs I love to death, my dad even though he's a single parent has always tried his absolute hardest to make me happy in any way he could and I love all of them, I have an absolutely amazing therapist who actually cares for me and will get on me if I don't listen to his advice that could help me feel better, he's funny as hell to. My therapy sessions are all I look forward to in the week I have 2 every week right now since I recently tried to admit myself into a mental hospital and I won't lie when I was told I couldn't because there was no beds available I shut down in front of the social worker and I just tried to hold back tears because I so badly wanted to go because I was really suicidal at the time. I've never actually have attempted suicide but I've gotten close to a few times, I have not a lot of friends except for 3 outside of Xbox, and it's hard to make friends were I live since we are a small town where half if not most of the kids at my school are either messed up on pills or alcohol, have their own demons I'm not mentally prepared to deal with at the moment, or are the stereotypical jocks or preppy girls who always walk around with their Italian sodas late to class everyday, not everyone is like that though there are a few great people at the school. If you have read all of this and comment on this I'm genuinely thankful for it and will reply back as soon as I can, and I'm amazed if you took the time to comment here :).
"I just want to be gone, I can't endure this pain anymore.  TRIGGER WARNING  Close  4  Posted by  20 days ago  I just want to be gone, I can't endure this pain anymore.  TRIGGER WARNING  Hi, this is my first time posting here, and I posted this because I have no one to talk or someone who is willing to listen to me.
 I am 17 and I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, ocd, and I have really bad social anxiety and I might have adhd too.
 Life is just so tough, it feels like hell everyday, my whole teenage life was taken from me and there are no days that I don't feel stressed out and overwhelmed, even simple things overwhelmed me, I am afraid of people's judgement which result to me being a loner and isolated most of the time, quarantine is just like another day for me.
 Everyday I wanted to die, what's the purpose of life if I can't even focus or concentrate, I am depressed and usually suicidal, and I have no one. I have a few friwnds but they are just there when they need me and I understand it, because I am a pretty boring person to be with and I am quiet most of the time.
 The worst part is, everyone in my life, except my mom, understands me, my mom understands me but she seems pretty ignorant about mental health so she doesn't really know what It feels like.
 I stopped seeing psychiatrists because of one of them made me feel worse by giving me the wrong meds and gaved me hallucinations and schizophrenia like symptoms for about 1 week, toughest week of my entire life. Now he believes that every doctor out there is that and that I am the only one that can fix it, which I tried, I meditate everyday 10 minutes 2x a day, I exercise regularly, try to face my fears, I did that many times but nothings seems to work, they are still there and nothing is helping. I am really losing hope, I don't know I may end up kill myself, the only thing that keeps me living is knowing the if I die they may mourn for me, especially my mom, but they seem to not care at all, and I am afraid if heaven and hell exists I may just burn in hell for eternity. I can't do anything, nothing is pleasurable and fun, nothing makes me happy, interests me, I used to be obsessed in music ans making songs but now my mind is just overthinking and overwhelmed that even that is just stressful to do. I am even struggling to read because it feels really overwhelming to me. It's more harder bevause I am sorrounded by people and society that have a stigma around mental illnesses. I am honestly tired, people abused and bullied me in the past anyways. And my grades are just horrible and I feel like a failure.
 I planned to go and see a psychologists and go to therapy using the money I am receiving monthly from my dad, which is very little, but that's my only hope, but then this pandemic happened, I just felt hopeless again. I don't know if anyone will see or reply but if someone did, thank you."
"I just wanted to drop by and say thank you to all the nurses, especially those who work with BPD psychiatric patients.  Close  52  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  I just wanted to drop by and say thank you to all the nurses, especially those who work with BPD psychiatric patients.  I am 23 and my whole life since I was a young child I have struggled with severe depression. I first tried to kill myself when I was 10. After that, every next suicide attempt became progressively more dangerous until I finally ended up on life support last year from taking an overdose of Klonopin with several alcoholic drinks. I had to be intubated. But even after that, I still tried to find ways to hurt myself.
 Last week, I decided I would lay over the train tracks so that my spinal chord would be severed. I am assuming that is a relatively quick, painless, and effective way to die. However, I decided to try and get help one last time. I was admitted to the psychiatric floor and most of the nurses were so kind to me. I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Anxiety, and Borderline Personality Disorder (which I am sure all you nurses know how difficult and frustrating people with BPD can be). I have been discriminated against by many healthcare professionals due to the BPD. But in this hospital all of the nurses treated me with the utmost respect. Even just a simple smile would make my day.
 I'm fully aware that many nurses, doctors, etc. hold a strong stigma regarding BPD. But I can tell you this: you have NO idea how good it feels when the nurses treat you with the utmost respect, instead of just brushing you to the side like I have experienced before. I can't speak for everyone with BPD, but I am willing to wager that most people with BPD are so desperate to feel loved and accepted. Just a simple smile and some positive small talk from the nurses really helped me feel like a normal human again.
 So for those nurses who work with BPD or psychiatric patents, I applaud you. It takes a lot of patience and frustration. People with BPD are used to being shunned by healthcare professionals. So when we have a good encounter with a nurse, it can really help us a lot.
 I just wanted to get this off my chest."
I know it will pass, but I haven't felt like this in a while  Close  2  Posted by  2 days ago  I know it will pass, but I haven't felt like this in a while  M(18) I've been diagnosed with major depressive for 6 years. I had an incident 2 years ago and that was one of last times I was unsafe. I went to the psych hospital and now I've been in treatment and away from my abusive household for 2 years. I got stable on meds and everything has been great for the last year. But I don't know what has gotten into me. I turned 18 in march and now I am being discharged and sent home on the 22nd. I'm not scared, but I just feel absolutely terrible. I just want to cry and I have the same feeling in my chest from when I first was really depressed. I feel like everything I've learned in treatment has just fallen away. My therapist tells all the other staff and my parents almost everything I say. I just don't understand why because I'm not a danger to myself and I have custody of myself. I can't trust my therapist because it seems if I even just try to have a surface level conversation with her, she has to blab about it to someone, I'm not strong enough to tell my parents I'm scared of them still. Now that I'm 18 all the kids are younger than me I had to sign something that says I'm not allowed to legally interact with kids under a certain age because of state treatment center laws. All my friends back home know nothing about mental illness and whenever I try to talk to them about it they seem to get weirded out and sort of distance from me. The one positive of my life, a girl I met and dated who was a stable major depressive sufferer helped me get through everything for over 2 1/2 years, but we broke off in December. I hesitate talking about my feelings online because it makes me feel like a failure and that I must be weak if I can't fully regulate my emotions on my own, but I'm sort of stuck. I just want to find a therapist or friend when I go home that will understand and be there for me. I just want someone to give me a hug and tell me it will be ok. I just feel so unmotivated and hopeless at the moment. I know it will get better with time, I've been in this place plenty of times before, but this time it seems a lot harder.
I know it’s a dumb question, but could I have Tourette’s?  Question  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I know it’s a dumb question, but could I have Tourette’s?  Question  I am 15 years old. No one in my family has ever had Tourette’s or other tic disorders that I know of. I used to have tics starting at around 11 but only when I would picture bad things happening to me. Lately, it’s been rapidly getting worse. In 3 months it’s become almost constant. It gets worse when I’m speaking and nervous. I have around 5 motor tics (eye blinking, head turning, smacking my forehead, shrugging, facial expressions) and 3 verbal things (I say 2 cuss words which started recently, sniff, and I clear my throat until I run out of breath and have to gasp for air) I don’t know if this could be TS because of how rapidly it progressed from occasionally, like every other day, to at least 5 times an hour in bouts. I get made fun of a lot for it and some people think I’m faking it for attention but I’m really confused and if it’s not TS does anyone know what it could be? I have been diagnosed with major depression, anxiety, and OCD.
I know it's been about a week since my mother has passed but it's really start to hit me,now.Of course I have been hurt/missing her alot but I'm really starting to feel it sink in now.Shes not coming back,she's really gone to heaven now.She passed young.I want her back,I want to feel the love that only she can give.And now it's to the point where my grandpa is getting altimers and my grandma is having heart surgery.My brother also is having probs and I'm afraid that his cancer is gona come back.I feel like I'm losing my family.Not to mention things going on with my fiance.How do I cope with this?What do I do?Where do I go from here?I'm at a lose for words and I don't know what to do.All I can feel is inside is suffocating me,it's just so much.I also lost myself this past couple years because of where I lived and what I had to go through.Its has changed me so much to the point to where I don't know who I am anymore.I really try to remain strong on the outside for everyone,but what I just explained above is how I'm feeling inside.I don't know if I can do this anymore.How do u even begin to cope with all this?Right now I'm in the process of receiving all of my mother's belongs from one of her past relationships.The last 6+ months of her life was with another man she loved more than anything.A wonderful, special, person who I don't think I would be here today if it weren't for him.I really feel like he is the only thing that's keeping me alive and going today.I need someone who really cares enough to be with me and wants me to be around.I don't want to live in a place I am not really welcome or wanted.I feel like I'm not even worth the trouble anymore.All those mean horrible things I have experienced over the last 7 years have changed me forever.I don't know how to be me anymore.I don't know how to begin/continue my life anymore.All I really want is to be surrounded by family/friends whom love me for me and to be happy.I don't care about money or objects,I just want my family,my mother,my best friend.I have been diagnosed with clinical depression since I was 7 years old and I'm now 29.There is so much going on that I feel like I could end everything just so I don't have to be so unhappy and in pain anymore.I would give up anything to see my mother again and I really do mean anything.I just don't feel life my life is worth living anymore.
"I know this post is likely to get lost in the tides of Reddit, but I just gotta say thanks to someone who really was a stand-up player who we need more of in our community. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, and have been battling it for years. This is normally a non-factor in League, because I play with my friends all the time, and we never pay attention to all chat. It just so happened that I was playing with only one friend this particular night, and we had our 3 randoms join in the game. I was not doing too well, having lost lane to a Zed, and some aggressive jungle ganks. At some particular point in the game, the particularly fed Sejuani got pursued my me (Riven), and after blowing our flashes, she escaped and equated me to an insect. After telling her to be careful who she says thing like that too, one player on the team decided to take a huge stand on my behalf in all chat. He (Tristana) defended me against all 5 of them, and was over all very supportive. After all was said and done, Tristana went on to carry the game for us, and snag us the win. After the game, Tristana friended me, and shared that he too suffered from depression as well, and just was very genuine and friendly. This is the kind of thing that I would love to see more of in League of Legends. More honestly pleasant folks, that have the back of a total stranger. He made me feel very good despite the aura of that game.
 TL;DR - Don't be a dick. Be awesome to people. You never know what they've been through."
"I know this probably isn't the right place but I tried relationships and the mods removed it saying I should post hear I imagine only because I mentioned my depression and closeness to suicide.. I guess you guys could help someone with depression with some relationship advice....?
 I'm 19 currently in a 4 year relationship I have been diagnosed with clinical depression but I don't get any help (not my choice) but antidepressants which obviously make my sex drive low or next to nothing..
 My boyfriend knows about my depression, anti depressants and i explained that it can cause me to have next to no sex drive. however I understand he has need, I do try even if I don't want to I will go along with it sometimes just hoping he will get the good out of it even if I don't really want it. I don't care I just want him to be happy too.. However he can usually tell now when I don't want to and forces me to tell the truth and gets annoyed if I lie so obviously I will admit I don't want to and he stops and cuddles me..
 I can't help but feel abit betrayed that i try all this hoping i can at least make him happy in some way.. but last night i just gave up and gave into the cuddles and fell asleep.. I went onto my ipad this morning and went to my history (I wasnt intentionaly snooping.. i went to find a web page I had visited last night but forgot to bookmark) and found he had been looking. Not at porn but nsfw stuff on reddit. I won't get into details but pretty much porn...
 I can't help but feel crap I felt like crying when I saw it. I understand he probably watches porn and I don't care but I think it's the fact I was in bed that night sleeping while he did whatever which has made me feel really annoyed and pissed at him... Let alone he could have cleared the history.
 At least I wouldn't of had to see what the hell he looks at.. Am I overreacting.. I don't know what to do or say i am struggling just to look him in the eyes. I have low self esteem let alone just a few days ago i was ready to commit suicide though he doesnt know just how close i was..( I had posted on hear about it a few days ago and was encouraged to phone a helpline which I tried but never got through too.) and I just feel lied to and betrayed now.. I just don't know what to do now... I don't know if its my depression making me think its worse than it is or if its making me over react I just don't know what to do about it..
 Sorry for grammar or spelling.. I'm dyslexic and doing this while frustrated and upset.. Not a great conbionation.."
"I lost my soulmate... Im so alone.  Close  18  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  I lost my soulmate... Im so alone.  Have you ever met someone and thought you've known them before ... or that you were always suppose to be together? ... That was my friend Jake. He was like my twin - he was the left to my right... the evil to my good ... the laughter to my sadness. He completed me... I think he was my twin in a past life.
 We had just signed a lease for our new apartment ... we were both incredibly happy to move in there on Sunday.... This was a Thursday afternoon - we went to a furniture store to look for a couch and we sat on one and talked... and laughed ... God I miss his laugh.
 He asked me ""Are we going to relapse?"" ... we both had been sober for a few months at this point. I looked at him ... and answered him honestly - I said ""Yup ... but not yet ... we have things to do ... we can't do it yet"".
 He never showed up on Sunday. After frantically trying to find him - his dad called me as I took in our empty apartment and said ""He overdosed."" ... I asked him ""Is he okay? What hospital is he at? Can I go see him?"" ... and he said ""No... hes gone"" ... Hes gone.
 That was almost 3 years ago... and it hasnt stopped hurting. I feel so alone. I'm really depressed. I dont laugh anymore - I just dont care anymore. The only reason I'm still around is because of my dog.
 I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Anxiety Disorder, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (I am an Iraq War Veteran) ... Anyways that was all before Jake died ... so you can imagine how much I've been white knuckling my life to keep myself alive. I feel so alone. Sometimes I will go days with only saying a couple words ... Sometimes the only thing I talk to is my dog.
 I wish I didn't feel this way. I don't want to do this anymore."
"I made a video of cutting myself and emailed it to my teacher to present to class.  Close  121  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I made a video of cutting myself and emailed it to my teacher to present to class.  Throwaway for obvious reasons, but I had to get this off my chest.
 My professor made everyone do a breaking the ice assignment where we had to make a video of ourselves doing something abnormal in public.  I emailed my teacher asking him if he'd allow me to just write a paper, and explained that I've been diagnosed with major depression/anxiety disorders including ocd/avoidant personality disorder.
 He wrote me back saying basically ""what am I going to do in life if I can't do this?"".  I'm paraphrasing, but that was the tone, it was pretty matter of fact.  Hm, guess I should break a social norm on video on then.
 Make a twenty second video where I fixed my phone facing downward at my arm and cut my arm.  I've never actually cut that deep before, and I didn't even mean to I was just caught up in the moment, but it was a nice looking cut, and there was a considerable amount of blood.
 He doesn't grade attendance in his class, so I emailed him the video and told him that I reluctantly took some of my medication and managed to make the video.  He explained that he ""lost his shit"" when he saw some of the funny ones while viewing with the  previous classes, so I assume that he doesn't pre-view these.
 I'm obviously not attending the class Monday, and I'm going to email him shortly before it telling him that I'm unable to make it that day, but it's okay to present my video to the class without me there.
 Oh, and I'm already in therapy, so please don't tell me ""seek help immediately"" I just really needed to tell someone about this now."
"I may be speaking too soon but I may be ""beating"" my depression  Close  7  Posted by  3 months ago  I may be speaking too soon but I may be ""beating"" my depression  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder since I was 15. I was feeling the effects since I was 11. Now I'm newly 26, in my last semester of college, and I'm feeling... happy today. I still have bad days, ofc. Horrible days. But I've had a string of days lately that I've felt what I would call happy.
 Now maybe my happy isn't the same as actual, normal happy, but it  is  my version of happiness. Maybe it's because I made a bomb ass poster in my design class, and the weekend is on it's way (meaning I get to sleep in my own bed, not the dorm's and I get to see my cat, eat regularly without having to be around strangers who I think judge me for eating anything at all, etc), or maybe it's just that my brain has momentarily suspended the icky feelings and thoughts for whatever reason. Idk, but I really wish this feeling would last."
I miss my therapist  Close  1  Posted by  5 days ago  I miss my therapist  Hi everyone, I hope you all are okay, I’m a 19 year old girl & this post is going to be a long one I just have a lot on my chest. My therapist is on maternity leave hence why I’m here. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder recurrent, major anxiety disorder recurrent, and eating disorder not specified for reference. Right before I turned 18 I tried multiple antidepressants and antianxiety medications (none of them worked for me) and I’ve been off them for more than a year now, when I turned 18 a switch went off inside of me it sounds silly but everything used to be so beautiful to me everything was so deep and meaningful; morning dew on the grass, the way the sunsets, driving, rainfall, conversations, emotions, everything held this grand meaning to me, until the day I turned 18, ever since then I’ve been living through this fog, I don’t feel much, I don’t feel these intense connections, I am just here, going though the motions. Through 14-17 i was partying a lot, had a really bad eating disorder which I recovered from but recently relapsed. I dropped out of highschool my senior year which is a shame I’ve always been a smart kid in school but my mental state destroyed me, and I’m getting my GED as soon as this Covid19 thing is over. I have an opportunity to move 7 hours away driving from my hometown and start a new life in my own apartment and go to college there. I’m really close to my family, really close, (codependent much). I work and have two close friends I see a couple of times a month. I’ve never had a lot of luck with friends or any type of relationship and that’s because I’m not secure in myself i feel like. My day to day includes waking up, talking to my parents for a while, going to work, going home & talking with my parents, scrolling through social media and going to sleep. It’s funny because I always wanted to be this “free” person but I’m so self disciplined and love control that I don’t allow myself to be. My parents were always so cool with me and trusted me but I made these structures and boundaries for myself this need for perfection. In middle school & highschool I was well liked I always put people first and was always there for everyone. I still am, I’m just overall an empathetic person to the point that I forget about me. Im also selfish and don’t accept people when I don’t agree with their actions. It’s weird I’m a lot of things. I’m writing this sitting on the couch listening to a bon iver song it’s gloomy out, I haven’t even gotten to the point I’m just rambling. My mom she’s my bestfriend she was diagnosed with COPD and emphysema when I was 16 (I was in Costa Rica at the time on vacation with my ex bestfriend) when I came back she had an oxygen tank and no one had told me, she’s hospitalized atleast 5 times a year because she continues to smoke even when she’s on oxygen. My uncle who i was close with died 2 months ago from a heart attack, he was as alone at his farm, no one had heard from him all day, my aunt drove to the farm and found him, he also had COPD he never really took care of it either (still smoked and drank a bottle of jim bean everyday, it was a shock to the whole family, his family came from North Carolina, I saw his dead body at the viewing and I held his hand and cried a lot. The week before he died my mom and my aunt really wanted to go to church (which was weird they never go) and I said outloud someone in our family is going to die and I thought it would be my grandpa or grandma but never him (this ISNT the first time I’ve had this intense 6th sense, it happens when something that is going to change my life or someone else’s life is about to occur) Ever since he died something changed, all I think about is how my mom could be next, i love her so much. I am grieving when she’s still alive. My mom tried to kill herself when I was 14 and was baker acted and attempted again on my 17th birthday and was also baker acted for a month. I’ve almost lost her twice and now I have to go through it again and I don’t know when and it’s killing me, I don’t know what to do with myself it’s all I think about, I picked up my eating disorder again as a security blanket and no one knows and I just want to scream and cry and I want to die before my mom does I can’t bare to see this. It’s so sad seeing someone deteriorate right before your eyes and they don’t want to help themselves it’s selfish but I love her I love my family they are all I have I don’t want to live in a world without my family I don’t have anything or anyone i feel like I’m just a kid. Whenever I touch or look or talk to my mom I do it as if it’s my last time. I’m lucky to have a beautiful relationship with my mom, dad, sister, cousins, aunts and uncles, I know some people have it worse. I just don’t feel good I want to disappear. Where did the time go? I’m just a kid. There’s so much more I want to write but I don’t know where to even begin. I’m sorry for word vommiting on here, I’m just so alone
"I miss my therapist/advice  Close  0  Posted by  5 days ago  I miss my therapist/advice  posted on the mental health subreddit, new to this one, don’t know if this post is okay for this subreddit
 Hi everyone, I hope you all are okay, I’m a 19 year old girl & this post is going to be a long one I just have a lot on my chest. My therapist is on maternity leave hence why I’m here. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder recurrent, major anxiety disorder recurrent, and eating disorder not specified for reference. Right before I turned 18 I tried multiple antidepressants and antianxiety medications (none of them worked for me) and I’ve been off them for more than a year now, when I turned 18 a switch went off inside of me it sounds silly but everything used to be so beautiful to me everything was so deep and meaningful; morning dew on the grass, the way the sunsets, driving, rainfall, conversations, emotions, everything held this grand meaning to me, until the day I turned 18, ever since then I’ve been living through this fog, I don’t feel much, I don’t feel these intense connections, I am just here, going though the motions. Through 14-17 i was partying a lot, had a really bad eating disorder which I recovered from but recently relapsed. I dropped out of highschool my senior year which is a shame I’ve always been a smart kid in school but my mental state destroyed me, and I’m getting my GED as soon as this Covid19 thing is over. I have an opportunity to move 7 hours away driving from my hometown and start a new life in my own apartment and go to college there. I’m really close to my family, really close, (codependent much). I work and have two close friends I see a couple of times a month. I’ve never had a lot of luck with friends or any type of relationship and that’s because I’m not secure in myself i feel like. My day to day includes waking up, talking to my parents for a while, going to work, going home & talking with my parents, scrolling through social media and going to sleep. It’s funny because I always wanted to be this “free” person but I’m so self disciplined and love control that I don’t allow myself to be. My parents were always so cool with me and trusted me but I made these structures and boundaries for myself this need for perfection. In middle school & highschool I was well liked I always put people first and was always there for everyone. I still am, I’m just overall an empathetic person to the point that I forget about me. Im also selfish and don’t accept people when I don’t agree with their actions. It’s weird I’m a lot of things. I’m writing this sitting on the couch listening to a bon iver song it’s gloomy out, I haven’t even gotten to the point I’m just rambling. My mom she’s my bestfriend she was diagnosed with COPD and emphysema when I was 16 (I was in Costa Rica at the time on vacation with my ex bestfriend) when I came back she had an oxygen tank and no one had told me, she’s hospitalized atleast 5 times a year because she continues to smoke even when she’s on oxygen. My uncle who i was close with died 2 months ago from a heart attack, he was as alone at his farm, no one had heard from him all day, my aunt drove to the farm and found him, he also had COPD he never really took care of it either (still smoked and drank a bottle of jim bean everyday, it was a shock to the whole family, his family came from North Carolina, I saw his dead body at the viewing and I held his hand and cried a lot. The week before he died my mom and my aunt really wanted to go to church (which was weird they never go) and I said outloud someone in our family is going to die and I thought it would be my grandpa or grandma but never him (this ISNT the first time I’ve had this intense 6th sense, it happens when something that is going to change my life or someone else’s life is about to occur) Ever since he died something changed, all I think about is how my mom could be next, i love her so much. I am grieving when she’s still alive. My mom tried to kill herself when I was 14 and was baker acted and attempted again on my 17th birthday and was also baker acted for a month. I’ve almost lost her twice and now I have to go through it again and I don’t know when and it’s killing me, I don’t know what to do with myself it’s all I think about, I picked up my eating disorder again as a security blanket and no one knows and I just want to scream and cry and I want to die before my mom does I can’t bare to see this. It’s so sad seeing someone deteriorate right before your eyes and they don’t want to help themselves it’s selfish but I love her I love my family they are all I have I don’t want to live in a world without my family I don’t have anything or anyone i feel like I’m just a kid. Whenever I touch or look or talk to my mom I do it as if it’s my last time. I’m lucky to have a beautiful relationship with my mom, dad, sister, cousins, aunts and uncles, I know some people have it worse. I just don’t feel good I want to disappear. Where did the time go? I’m just a kid. There’s so much more I want to write but I don’t know where to even begin. I’m sorry for word vommiting on here, I’m just so alone"
"I moved to a new city for college and got a roommate. She moved with me from our old town and we were friends. We signed a one year lease on a townhouse together. I'm about 5 months into the lease and am extremely miserable. I don't know if I can do the remaining months of the year. I really have been trying to work it out, but it's really hard because it is a situation that is causing me lots of anxiety. I don't even want to be home because of her.
  
  [Background information in detail] 
 I am going to therapy and am on antidepressants. I am diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety. When I first moved, I was feeling positive and doing better. I felt like getting away from my hometown was helping me flourish. I even started making new friends. That's kind of when my home situation with my roommate started to go downhill. She started getting extremely jealous when I would leave the house to go hang out with my new friends. She doesn't do anything and hardly ever leaves the house because she became codependent on me. My therapist said that it is unhealthy. My roommate also tells me negative things, like that I am unstable. I feel like she is projecting her feelings unto me.
  
 I get anxious at the thought of seeing her. I can feel her negativity the second I walk through the door. I never want to go home because of her. I only go home when I have to eat or get clothes (I stay at my boyfriend's most nights). If I am home, I lock myself in my room and feel like running to do whatever I have to do, so that I can get back into my room quickly. I don't want to see her. I don't want to talk to her because she gets overly emotional and defensive. I've stated how I feel already, and advice on working things out with her. I do not want to.  [End background information] 
  
 I was wondering if there were any legal way to get out of my lease without penalty due to it affecting my mental health. Please let me know if you have any advice on this.  2 comments  share  save  hide  report  20% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   Quality Contributor  7 points   ·    1 year ago  Bad roommates are not a legal reason to break a lease.
 You can see if your landlord is willing to work anything out with you.  Or if your lease allows subletting you might work with your roommate and landlord to sublet the room for the remaining term of the lease."
"I need a distraction. Reddit, got any ideas for a late night hobby?  Close  4  Posted by  8 years ago  Archived  I need a distraction. Reddit, got any ideas for a late night hobby?  Hello redditors,
 I am looking for a hobby.
 I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome, of which the DSPS has been a factor about as long as I can remember, and the first major depressive episode was about 5 years ago. For the past 2 years I've been on Disability Benefits, and this leaves me with just about enough money to pay for rent and food, and not much else. I've been working with the local unemployment office to get a small business started, but because of my condition and a lack of money to get things going, it hasn't panned out so far.
 Currently, I feel like being on the verge of another episode, and it's quite scary to be honest. The last time I was in this mental state was about 3 years ago, and the thing that got me through it, was visiting family up in Boston, which unfortunately is financially impossible at this time.
 Recently, I've been putting everything into perspective, and trying to find a way out. I've noticed that the Depressive episodes tend to be more common when I can't get enough sleep, but I need some decent sleep to be anything close to productive. I do get medication to get to sleep, but it's strong stuff, and even when I do get 8 hours, it tends to be in my system for a few more, thus not really helping. My girlfriend tries to help, but she gets up at 7 every morning to go to work, so she's not available when I'm low.
 Another thing affecting my tendency towards depression, is just being bored. It's a serious first world problem. I have a half-decent computer (can run some games, nothing that requires a lot of graphic resources though, it's a good machine for reddit though), I can watch tv, but I need a serious distraction I guess. Passive interaction keeps my brain unoccupied, which does not help. So I end up here, looking for a distraction.
 So Reddit, I ask of you... What are some hobbies I can take up to distract me? Preferably something I can do in relative quiet at night. So far I've tried reading, music, all types of arts & crafts, working out, writing, studying, and the list goes on...
  TL;DR:  Throwaway account is Depressed and Sleep-deprived. In need of a hobby."
I need advice  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  I need advice  So about 4 months ago I was fired from my job for causing property damage. In the time since I've been diagnosed with major depression and learned about anger attacks which seems to line up with what happened that day. Since major depression is covered by the ADA is there a chance that if I go to my old HR and plea my case they might reinstate me, even if just to avoid a potential issue with ADA violation or is there no point since all they probably care about is the damage? I've been almost obsessing over this glimmer of hope since I haven't had luck getting a new job and am relying on family to get by, so please share your advice even if it just serves to bring me back to reality.
"I need advice on whether my boyfriend should stay or go  Close  22  Posted by  1 month ago  I need advice on whether my boyfriend should stay or go  Hey everyone, I am looking for unbiased advice on this subject. I think that there are no solutions in which all of the parts are happy, so I would like to understand which would be the best option. And also, I'd like to know if I'm being to unreasonable or emotional about it.
 I (26F) live in the capital city of my country, six hours away from where my boyfriend (23M) lives. We've been in a LDR for two years and three weeks ago he came to visit. This was the same weekend that the corona virus blew up in our country, so instead of going back home, he stayed with me until now.
 We are doing well on our own, we have a great relationship, have fun, take care of the apartment and our cat together. I love that he is here, I'm really happy that we are together since we usually see each other for a couple of days at a time.
 However, I know that things are not black and white. I can understand he misses home. His parents are worried that he's away in case anything happens to them or him. They constantly ask him for when he is going back, send him information regarding travel tickets, and generally express how much they wish he was with them. I completely understand this, I understand that they are his parents and must be really anxious of being far away in case anything should happen.
 This has affected my boyfriend, he also misses them and I understand that their messages also put pressure on him. He has been tweeting about missing his mother and wanting to be back at his city. I really try to not take this personally. If I were in his situation I'd probably feel the same, no matter how much I liked being with my SO. I understand that he wants his parents to be calm, and that he misses his pets, his room, and friends.
 The problem is the following: I've been diagnosed with major depressive episodes. Just last night I was triggered by a phone called and cried for at least an hour. It was really hard to overcome, and the fact that he was there with me really helped me and comforted me. I am currently on a psychiatric medical leave for a month, so I have a lot of free time. Since we are on lockdown I'm afraid that being all alone will affect me emotionally. I'm not proud about this, feeling that 'I need' someone in order to be okay makes me feel terrible, but it's also the reality I'm in right now.
 We've been contemplating different solutions, but none of them seem to leave everyone involved satisfied:
   He stays with me in my city. This would make me very happy, but I know that it would create a strain between my bf and his parents, who really want him to go home. Also, I know he misses his place and wants to be with his family and pets.
   He leaves for his home. This would make him and his parents happy, but leaves me dealing with myself all alone. The thing about this is that he won't be able to return for God knows how long. We usually see each other 2-3 times a month but I don't think that we'll be able to do that now. I don't know when we'll be able to be together again.
   We both leave and stay at his house. For me, going to my mom's house is not a choice. We have different ways of seeing the world and she kind of believes that my depression is mostly for lack of praying. I don't want to be in lockdown with that kind of pressure. My father's house is not an option either because he has two babies and virtually no space for another person (plus he hates cats). So going to my bf's parents is the only option for us being in the same city. The problem is that he lives in a very crowded house, and I feel that eventually I would feel choked there. His mom knows of my mental problems, and she worries a lot. I know this, so I would try my hardest to seem okay, even if I'm not. I have a really messed up sleeping and eating schedule, and I know that she would be very worried and trying to force me to eat/sleep. I appreciate so much that she does this, she's really nice, but it's again a lot of pressure to try to pretend that I'm doing okay to make her feel calmer.
   Am I being completely unreasonable about this? What do you think is the best option here? Should he stay? If he does, should I feel guilty about it? Should he leave? If he does, do you have any advice for me being by myself? Should we both leave? Any advice on the relationship with my MIL?
 I'd really appreciate your input, whatever it is or however tough truth it is. I am really biased and need an impartial opinion. Thank you in advance."
"I need help.  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  I need help.  To give some context, I have been diagnosed with Major Depression, Moderate Anxiety disorder, and Moderate PTSD. I don't really post a lot about my own problems, I'm posting this mainly out of curiosity I guess. I get very agitated or like on the verge of flipping my shit more easily than normal lately for some reason, I have never liked people coming up behind me, I have been jabbed in the side from behind by my friend and an ex and each time I just freaked out and swore loudly. I don't mind being touched as in hugged or just being touched in general, a few days ago I was in one of my classes and a friend came up behind me and slammed a paper down in front of me loudly and I had my earbuds in and with the teacher within a very close proximity I raised my voice at him and like clenching and physically agitated and said ""JESUS CHRIST DON'T FUCKING DO THAT YOU CUNT GOD!"" and I nearly about punched him, I normally don't react to situations like that unless I am physically touched or something. I am a fidgeter as well I bounce my legs a lot and I can't really stop it and my teachers have an issue with it sometimes and sometimes I fidget with something I happen to find in the class (dice, pen, markers, rubber bands, paper clips etc.) and sometimes I'm told to put them away or have them taken as I can be a bit loud and when I do I start getting agitated or anxious. I also snap a rubber band I carry on my wrist whenever I have bad or intrusive thoughts, I have little ticks that actually effects my mood since they can happen some times within a minute (I slightly shake my head or bounce it and when I mean slightly I cannot stress enough when I say that I'm not like giving myself whiplash it's not very noticeable from across a room, I close my eyes or one eye at a time alternating between them in a pattern) and sometimes my teachers try to tell me to stop snapping my rubber band as I do it a lot, but if I do I start panicking thinking if I don't snap it something just something bad will happen. I am trying to see a neurologist because I believe half of the things I mentioned are also neurological problems as well as mental health problems (I do see a therapist). I have had all these for a while as in a bit more than a few years and I have talked to my therapist about all of this and I asked if it could have anything to do with autism/ asburgers since I hear people who have it do some of the things I do but my therapist said it was unlikely that as it is more something more to do with OCD or something, I am not diagnosed with OCD btw. I'm mainly posting this because I can't see a neurologist for at least a few months so I was wondering what do you people of reddit think what is wrong? Thank you if you read all of this and even commented :)
 Edit:I should also mention my teachers are not aware of my mental disorders or issues, I refrain from telling them as most of the time when I am asked to do something like stop fidgeting it's when the class looks at me and I don't want to say in front of everyone why its hard for me not to so I either comply or simply say (Its hard for me to, it's complicated) and leave it at that."
"I need some advice  Close  3  Posted by  1 month ago  I need some advice  So, I am 18 years old and my parents have been divorced since I was 7. I chose to live with my mother at the time. My mother got remarried right as I was about to turn 9. My dad got remarried when I was 11. Both my stepmom and my stepdad seemed okay at first, but as the time went on things got worse and worse. Especially with my mom and stepdad. He was very emotionally, verbally and mentally abusive. He would yell at me and my three older sisters all the time. He would give us very demanding work because we would accidentally forget to make our bed or do the dishes. Just stupid things like that. I cannot even describe what me and my sisters went through within those 10 years of them being married. There was so much abuse that went on and my mom just stood by and did not do anything about it. She would even participate sometimes and told us that she would always choose her husband over us. They were very religious Christians and forced on onto my sisters and I. There was so many things that happened that we probably should have been taken away from our mom.
 Now my dad's wife was okay at first. Then when the honeymoon blew over and we saw the real side of her, we saw that she was very intense and kind of crazy. It wasn't nearly as bad as what my mom's husband did. Over the years there were so many fights and there were times we had to get the court involved. Then fast forward to 2018, my mom and one other sister that was still living with us (the others moved out) had to flee our home. We had to leave because things had gotten so bad. My mom wanted to get a divorce and it took a year to get everything settled. We moved to Alabama because that was where one of my sisters were at. After living a couple months living with my mom and starting my junior year, I had had enough. I was so stressed out and I just could not live with my mom any longer. There was fighting everyday and my mental health was horrible. I ended up moving to my dad's in October 2018. Things were going really good with my dad and my stepmom for a while. I can say that the months of January to I think around May or June of 2019, was the most fun time I think that I had in my whole entire life. I had finally met some really good friends and I hung out with them nonstop. Then when things started to go downhill it was at the beginning of summer. My parents had found out that I had used some illegal substances and I got in trouble for it. What I was doing at the time was not harming me at all. I finally had felt free and I was having the time of my life and then all of the sudden it got ruined. That is when things really went bad.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder and some PTSD. My parents got me in therapy and started me on some medications. In the months of August to October 2019, I had lived with my mom. It was a bad choice for me to go there and my mom ended up kicking me out because I was too much of mess and I just made everyone's lives worse. When I moved back in with my dad in October 2019, I ended up having to go to a psychiatric hospital because I was not doing good. I was in there for about a week, but I came out fine. But as time went on the nonstop arguing never ceased. There were screaming arguments every night and it was not good. I have to say that the constant stress of the arguing made my anxiety and depression worse. Fast forward to now, things still have been getting worse everyday. I did not things could get this bad. I have no freedom at all and they take my phone whenever they want. Whenever I try and talk about my mental health or how I am feeling, I get yelled at and get a lesson of what it was like when they were young. Lessening the importance of my issues. As of now my parents are trying to force me into going back to a hospital. There is this really nice one but it is so expensive. I do not want to go and I do not need to. I am not in a bad place right now and I am doing fine. They told me that if I do not go then they said that I would have to find somewhere else to live. With all of this chaos going on right now in the world, does not make my situation any easier.
 I have been wanting to move out for the longest time. I have almost run away multiple times. I have tried to go and stay with some friends but I could never end up doing it because I was scared of what my parents would try and do to me. Right now I am faced with a very tough decision. I am wanting to just go stay with my friend for a little while but this might cause an uproar from my parents. I really need to get out of this house. If I do not, then they will force me go to this place (I know that legally they cannot force me because I am 18 and it has to be voluntary) but I do not need to go and it is for 90 days. I do not need that. So I need your insight on whether or not I should go stay with a friend for a while.
 Sorry that this is a bit of a mess. I am not that good trying to put a summary of whats happened into words."
"I often fantasize about my own death. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, however, I have zero suicidal thoughts. I have no want to die, but welcome it and embrace it as something I do not need to fear. This has become a daily occurrence since my step father-in-law Bob passed away. In turn, I feel like the people around me often feel the same, but know better than to ask in case I'm wrong and they are done grieving, or it doesn't consume them like it does for me. (almost like an exaggeration to me since this is my first ""traumatic/personal"" death of a loved one that I've ever experienced.
 When I was born, I died. I was not breathing, nor was I expected to live. I was baptized both catholic and Lutheran as a soul saving preventative, and whisked away to a separate hospital, at which, I regained my life .
 Growing up I have ALWAYS felt like I was capable of abilities, but have no way of understanding, so in frustration, I more than likely blocked myself at a young age. To this day, I have been trying and trying to recognize who/what I am supposed to be as far as psychically, or otherwise to no avail side from recognizing people/places/ and scenarios when I've seen them during dreams, then in reality. ( example: In a dream I was in a very dark resturaunt, with high black booths and a very modern looking over head light. Later, recognized it in an episode of ""The Sopranos"")
 FAST FORWARD TO TODAY/THIS YEAR: I visited with my first psychic on my birthday of this year. Now 27, I found her enlightening, and helpful, but complicating and confusing at the same time. I originally went with the intent that we were going to connect with Bob, since my husband came with me. I'm a very figurative person, whereas my husband is a very literal person.
 During our session I learned: A.) I am an empath. I feel things that aren't mine, and naturally intuitive. B.) My husband's lack of faith in this "" realm "" has been causing me to doubt myself. Hindering it's progression despite my faith and persistence. C.) When I died at my birth, light energy came back with me from the other side. (This confuses me) D.) I am supposedly hiding something from my husband or being untruthful, yet I have absolutely NO IDEA on what it could be, but it is hurting our marriage. ( Also confuses me, being the only thing I truthfully hide from my husband are these daydreams of my death, and that I feel I may die young. who wants to hear that from their spouse??) E.)She pointed at me and said I'm all misaligned. (??? chakra?? Karma?? my body?? WHAT???) F.) After Bob's passing, my husband was supposed to get something of his in a circular or wheel like shape that he hasn't received yet. ( Again, No idea)
 After this reading (about 2-3 months later) I had a dream (asleep). Cybil Shepard was the gate keeper of a lodge looking place that housed people who have deceased. inside is a maze of walls with people who have passed on sitting around the floor along these walls. the walls themselves are COVERED with 1x1' photos of their loved ones who are still alive on earth. ( I don't know how I know that, but I feel it. I do not recognize anyone) These photo's are webbed together and the are depicting their lives. what has been, what is to come. I feel it, but the pictures are blurred. (in not supposed to see them) Then I see Bob. he's looking out a window and watching a Television screen. He's watching us. outside this frameless window is nothing but a cloud like mist and a light coming from somewhere behind it.. {hard to explain} I hug him, and we sit, but say nothing for a long time. Cybil and her assistant come over. Cybil nods to her assistant who flashes her a playing card. I ask her if Bob can come home with me. She says ""No, but you may talk."" after looking at the 7 of clubs card. (Still not sure if that means anything) I get the urge to go see another person from the maze that tells me "" if you can get him (Bob) to take these pills, he can go with you."" I run back to Bob, tell him about the pills. He doesn't hesitate and tries to take them. When he takes a sip of coffee, he chokes and spits them out. I feel defeated. He hugs me again, and tells me I have to go, but to come back Thursday. As I leave Cybil is back at her post. I ask her if I can come back. She looks at her assistant who flashes another card. (The queen of diamonds) Then tells me I can.
 That was April, 1 year after his death which was 4/9/13. I never got back. Tomorrow is Thursday. I hope I can go back. It has almost become a mission, but is not helping my grief.
 if you can't tell by now, I'm very lost and in desperate need of clarification. my husband and my marriage come second only to my faith. I need to believe in order to ""Be"" of that makes sense.. I'm not sure, but it's the most accurate description I can give you.
 Thoughts, comments, clarity and/or your own insight is and will be appreciated and responded to.
 Thank you. Peace, Love and Light. Amanda"
"I only feel like I'm broken.  Close  1  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  I only feel like I'm broken.  I do not know where to post this, and frankly this is the first time I will be opening up besides my therapist.
 For current context I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD), and ADHD-C.
 I'm sorry if this gets rough in Grammer or whatever she is the most sensitive trigger I have.
 I've been diagnosed with MDD for a few years now, but it was always extremely subtle but always there. I started to fall into a pit of depression until I met my (ex since about a year) gf. I was with her for just over a year, until she started rapidly declining in mental health, not taking her meds, using marijuana concentrate every day, and became more and more distant with me. I was so happy for the first 11 months. The last month when she declined, I would see her wrists have band aids on them at school, and she never would open up to me ever. I would have died for her. I spent a significant amount of money for things for her. She always said she didn't deserve me. The last two weeks of our relationship was just before my final year of high school. She would always say shes fine, but would not seem to want sexual contact or honestly any contact at all. We talked every single day for months. We were best friends as well as lovers.
 The week before high school started, I again asked her if something was wrong and I was petrified, scared that she was suicidal. But no. She lost feelings for me. Four weeks before it felt like we were closer than we have ever been. And it dropped dead. After asking what is wrong, I begged her for a break for her to have time to herself to try to get help because she needed it. I then learned she stopped taking her Zoloft or Prozac I forget, and I know what that can do to a person now. She self medicated with high thc wax everyday, abusing it. The last time I talked to her, I went to her house to talk to her in person. She was saying she doesn't deserve me and I should forget her. And that she just doesn't feel what she felt before. I broke. I contained myself until my friend picked me up and that was the last time I saw her. I left hundreds of dollars worth of stuff that I either bought for her/us, but I broke so I didn't care then. The first few days of school I was a mess. She was in my homeroom, so I switched homerooms. I would see her in the hallway, we walked together every day the year before. It felt like I was being stomped on over and over again each time I saw her. After the first week, she started cyber school as I later found out after a friend told me. This helped alot, but the damage was done.
 That is the past. I want to tell myself I am over her and the relationship, and that I miss the happiness that I felt, because since then, I have not felt happy. Not one second of genuine happiness. I then found out a few months into the school year that I might have ADHD, so I got tested, and sure as hell I matched almost every symptom for both Inattentive and (now I know) hyperactive. I've tried so many different medications for my problems, Lexapro for over a year, which made me numb and after felt 10x worse, they put me on Prozac AND lexapro for around a week, which was the worst week of my life tbh. Fast forward, I was on Adderall but had adverse reactions, so they switched to Ritalin, and eventually added wellbutrin, focalin and now hydroxyzine for when I have panic attacks or symptoms. I smoked marijuana maybe biweekly to daily to a few times a week depending on the circumstances. I am now in my third week of college. I've been seeing therapists for over a year. I do not feel better. Since I have been in college none of my friends from home have reached out or responded to me, I've become basically agoraphobic to my dorm room(idk if that's the right term). And every MI I have gets worse and worse.
 I am a very logical person. I thought I was over the relationship. I definitely am not. I think the main part is I crave the happiness I felt. I have not felt anything for a significant amount of time besides pain, self hatred, and new symptoms that seem to develope with my anxiety and depression. I've had thoughts, well more like visions of killing myself, but I'm not suicidal? I do not want to die, but I do not feel a purpose in myself. I hardly recognize myself in the mirror, and feel disgust. I lost my best friend of years, and the friend group around her. Now it feels I have nobody. My family supports me but my mother always brings up my ex, and says that the way I have been has had extremely negative affects on the entire family. I feel like I destroy everything I get close too. I was a great student, now I fall behind and forget everything. I had my first full blown panic attack after a PTSD response the other night and felt crippled. If it happens again I will not be able to succeed in college. I feel like Im failing myself and everyone around me, and I have nobody.
 I lost everything and everyone.
 No medicine works, they just make me feel worse or weird but without anything for ADHD I'll probably harm myself.
 I have more to say but I find myself disgusting for writing this out.
 Tldr; I basically have no positivity in my life, nothing to look forward too, nothing that matters to me and I affect everyone around me to the point where I lose them.
 Edit: I now realize this is unorganized and I hate myself for it. But this is all I can do right now.
 Edit: I do not know what I hope to achieve in posting this, but if anyone has anything to say that can help please. I have nobody."
"I quit, relapsed, now I'm back. Struggling.  Close  3  Posted by   819 days   2 years ago  Archived  I quit, relapsed, now I'm back. Struggling.  Hey everyone! I just want to say how proud I am of everybody here.  When I quit for a month and 2 days, this reddit helped me so much for support.  You're all super awesome and I appreciate all the people helping eachother through the struggle for our lives.
 I'm an idiot! I fell into the trap of being smoke free for a month and 2 days.  I thought I had kicked it until a really stressful time happened, and my smoker brain was like ""you did it once, you can do it again.  You need me right now.  Go ahead and smoke. Nothing matters anyway.""
 I've struggled with depression for 15 years. I have been diagnose with major depression, anxiety, ptsd, and ocd.  So smoking is a very attractive thing when my mood and emotions are unstable.  I try very hard to be stable in my feelings, but it's not always effective.  When I have high stress, it feels like nothing matters anyway.  I struggle to be optimistic, be positive, and be grateful.  It's very hard, especially having a complicated medical situation.  I have been working hard through cognitive behavioral therapy and antidepressants the past 3 years.  So, in addition to all of this, when a problem arises, I go back to not really caring about myself and my life, let alone quitting smoking.
 I've always thought suicide is so damaging and painful to other people, so my policy in life is if a person wants to kill themselves, they might as well do drugs or drink instead of killing themselves.  It's not an ideal solution, but having worked with suicidal patients firsthand, I am seeing that in America there is no real help for these people.  It's a bandaid.  Which is extremely disheartening for my own situation.  I have seen that there is no real help for people in emergency situations of suicidal ideation, other than to lock them up in the hospital and send them away for follow up counseling.  Then, since counselors are mandatory reporters, the process repeats, so one cannot really talk about their true feelings without getting put on a mental health hold and locked up for 72 hours.
 I know this isn't a mental health forum, but anyone who struggles with similar issues and cigarette addiction, I would love your feedback on how you cope with life changing events and stress. It would be appreciated greatly.
 I've read Allen Carr's Easy way to stop smoking.  Despite that i broke 2 rules: no nicotine replacements, and of course not one puff ever.
 I have found that quitting cold turkey is too intense for my emotional state. It's not an excuse, it's just that I've had only short lived successes with this method...4 days, 3 days. Whereas i vaped about 3 weeks, before switching to patches and gum, then going nic free. Vaping has helped me not smoke for longer periods...2 weeks, 3 weeks.  So, currently I am vaping to assist my smoke free endeavor.
 I am 1 day and 12.5 hrs smoke free.  I couldn't sleep, keep dreaming about smoking, and woke up wanting one so bad, so I came here.
 I know it gets easier, but i fear my own future reactions to smoking.
 On a positive note, my mom is quitting with me! I'm so proud of her! Any advice/thoughts? Thank you."
"I resent my friend  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I resent my friend  Throw away account because I don’t even want this negativity on my main account. I know that commenting advice to others can be helpful so if anyone wants to, feel free. Even if it’s really only for your benefit I don’t mind, that’s what this sub is for right? Also this is very long but I just needed to type it all out it doesn’t matter to me if anyone reads or comments. I just have nowhere else to go.
 Anyway I was friends with this person in middle and high school. Now we’re both 22 and recently reconnected after a few years of not talking. We met up for drinks at a nearby popular bar, all was going well for most of the night.
 I was recently fired and have no money, my parents gave me a little for a drink and some food which was really great. I explain I’ll only be having one drink and then water for the rest of the time for this reason, and my friend (who will be referred to as El from now on) understood. El has recently been hurt on the job and is out on workers comp, so they have steady money and no bills to pay unlike me. El offers to buy me a couple more drinks, I accept. El offers to split some wings which i agree to since it fits into my budget.
 El gets very drunk, and when the checks come I find I’m paying for two more drinks and more than half of the wings we ordered. It’s important to know that I protested El buying me these things for a solid hour before they ordered them anyway, I thought it was nice. I’ve done the same for others before. But El is very drunk and I’m too nice so I don’t question it, especially considering that my bill is only $11. Doesn’t seem like much but I wanted to spend no more than $5 and the rest could have gone to gas money but oh well.
 Then we’re ending the outing, El gets flirty. Almost joke-flirty but in a way that is clearly not a joke. El is a bisexual girl and I am a straight girl, she knows this. It gets annoying very quickly. Now not only am I currently sex repulsed due to my birth control (shout out to Implanon!) but I’m also hideous. I’m 5’5 and 267 pounds. I haven’t bought nice clothes that fit me in a while because I gained so much weight after breaking my leg and I plan on losing it so I don’t see the point of wasting what precious little money I have on nice clothes for a body I don’t plan on having for much longer. Point is, I am in no way desirable. I’m always wearing dumpy cheap clothes, I can’t afford makeup, and I’m obese. So even without the sex repulsion the idea of someone seeing me naked makes me sick (I’m also incredibly shallow and would never fuck someone who looks like me so I don’t expect anyone else to fuck me, so at least I’m self righteous about it). So the flirting is even more annoying for all of these reasons.
 I take El home and message her when I get home. We exchange the usual pleasantries and start to make plans to meet up again when wasted El starts the flirting again, telling me how beautiful and attractive I am, how they have a crush on me. I had hoped the earlier flirting was nothing but me being even more shallow than usual but nope, El was just that desperate.
 Before this started, we spent so much of our time together venting about our personal struggles and encouraging each other to keep going. I try to be respectful and not completely unload like she’s my therapist and I try to ask her questions and not make my time all about me. She does the opposite, it’s draining. El suspects she’s schizophrenic and has been checked into the nearby behavioral health center twice while I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and ADD. What a pair we make. After we get home despite my better judgement we follow each other on tumblr (yes I know tumblr is insufferable and gives feminists and those who care about social justice a bad name. I ignore that part of it and I’ve had it for years and I’m following some pretty chill people so it’s bearable for me but if you’re wondering and have never been on it yes it’s as bad as people say it is lmao). Lo and behold her tumblr is nothing but emo 2011 shit, completely unhealthy and negative posts about being mentally ill, and angry white guilt SJW posts. I have recently pulled myself out of the worst of my illness so I’m more into venting but maintaining a positive attitude. I quickly block El on tumblr and when she questioned me about it I said I logged out and didn’t remember my password.
 I’ve been ignoring her messages because in her mental state I don’t know how to tell her that she’s a drag and she makes me wildly uncomfortable without making her situation worse. She’s very, very negative about herself and her life and I cannot handle that right now. So I tried ignoring her which I admit is bad. But then she finds my Twitter. So now I find myself avoiding Twitter because she’ll see me retweet or favorite something despite not replying to her messages. If I block her on Twitter she’ll know for sure, and I’m not desperate enough to delete and remake my Twitter just because of one awful person.
 Maybe I’ve done a bad job of emphasizing how awful she is. I don’t really care because I’m only writing this damn novel so that I can get it off my chest because I can’t even write it on tumblr because she could just log out of hers and search mine and see it. The only reason I haven’t been honest with her is because we live so close to each other, we go to the same stores because of this, and idk what kind of impact it would have on her mental health.
 I regret it all, I regret ever agreeing to meet up in the first place, I regret making my twitter so easy to find. I absolutely cannot stand her overwhelming negativity and neediness. I resent her presence in my life. I hate everything about this situation. I resent her everytime she messages me but now I’m trapped. I cannot be responsible for her hurting herself (again, because she’s attempted suicide after being rejected before) and logically I know that’s on her unless I was just nasty to her which I don’t plan on being. I just feel trapped. I dragged myself out of the pits of my stupid malfunctioning brain and now I have this toxic negativity looming over me. I hate it. I almost hate her. I almost hate myself for ever getting into this situation."
"I started crying in class today because I couldn't understand my professor's explanation of standard deviation... Sigh...  Work/School  Close  14  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I started crying in class today because I couldn't understand my professor's explanation of standard deviation... Sigh...  Work/School  I have been lurking here for some time now, but never posted. I'm diagnosed with major depression but have not formally gotten any diagnosis for anxiety disorder, if that's relevant..
 I'm afraid of math. I had horrible math teachers in high school, I had horrible time trying to learn math the way my high school taught it. I sometimes studied for hours at end, only to receive 7/100 on the test, until I just gave up and decided to do languages in stead of natural sciences. Good move.
 Now, ten years since I graduated high school I am in one of the top-ten universities in the world. One of the things I need to learn is statistics. That's fine, I can do statistics. I know I can, because when I understand it, I can get it correct. I got the highest grade for the first home assignment, I know I can do it.
 Today though, I was sitting in the front, people on either side of me, and we were doing in-class assignment where we had to calculate standard deviation (something I initially learned 10 years ago...). The professor was trying to explain it to me, and it just didn't make any sense. Other people come to the front, try to get answers from him as well, waiting patiently. I am just sitting there, in the middle, totally lost, I can't understand it, my eyes start to tear up and I feel like a fool, bunch of people around me, and I just cry. And I can't stop. I feel foolish, I feel hopeless, I feel like a fraud. I wasn't angry, I wasn't sad so to speak. I just didn't understand and it made my mind panic and my eyes cry and made it difficult for me to breathe.
 My professor was very calm and nice about it. I had told him previously that I have anxiety when it comes to math and I explained that I was having an anxiety attack and there's that. Then I managed to calm down (going through  r/aww ) and kinda understood the whole thing in the end.
 I feel like a fool. I couldn't just stand up and walk out and take a breath, because I was surrounded by people, sitting in one of those galleries, with 5+ people on my left and right. In front, there were about 2-5 people waiting for the professor to explain things, I felt surrounded and stuck. I felt as if I looked like a brat that was just crying because she couldn't understand some basic math. And this... not being able to not crying made me cry more, which made me in turn more ashamed, which escalated the whole thing and I couldn't escape.
 Argh, I don't know. I juts felt like sharing it with someone. This is anxiety? Or what? It felt like that. Idk. I'm confused. If you can guide me to something to help with those kind of attacks I'd be grateful. It feels stupid to have anxiety attacks because of math, tbh. It's not like it's going to bite or something. I don't understand."
I started having panic attacks when I was eleven years old. My mom had just married her third husband and my sister and I now had to share a room with this man’s six-year-old daughter. Both people were complete strangers to me. My panic attacks consisted of severe hyperventilation and unrealistic fear that I was going to die. After I had experienced several of these attacks, my mom took me to a doctor who told her I was experiencing anxiety. The doctor instructed my mother to put me in my room and close the door when I began to hyperventilate and then ignore me. He said I would be fine. I wasn’t. That was 1978. My name is Marie and I am almost fifty now. My family history of mental illness includes depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, ADHD and a grandmother who died by suicide when my dad was only two years old. He was the youngest of five children. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, panic disorder and social anxiety disorder. You wouldn’t know this about me if you met me on the street. I’m doing great and have been very successful with treatment. It didn’t happen overnight though. It’s been a long road. I continued to experience anxiety throughout my childhood and teenage years. It was undiagnosed, of course, but I managed. I married my high school sweetheart at the young age of eighteen and by the time I was twenty-one, we had two children. To say that there was stress in my life would be an understatement. When I was twenty-two I began to experience physical symptoms that felt like flutters in my heart. That would scare me so I would get other symptoms like dizziness, tingling in my hands and feet, and a choking feeling in my throat. Much like when I was an eleven-year-old, I was sure I was dying. I eventually went to the doctor and saw many different specialists. I had test after test and they couldn’t find anything wrong with me. Then one day I went to get an MRI on my head. One of the specialists was trying to figure out why I was dizzy all the time. It was standard for a patient to take a pill prior to the MRI because of claustrophobia so I took it. The MRI showed nothing, but I quickly noticed that when I took the pill, all my symptoms went away. I told my doctor this and we were finally on our way to a diagnosis. Since then I have been seen many mental health practitioners and had years of counseling. I have been prescribed every SSRI that there is to prescribe. They always worked, but after a while I would go off them because I didn’t like the side effects and I didn’t like the idea that I needed “crazy pills” to cope with everyday life. I went on and off medications for twenty years before it finally occurred to me that I had a medical condition that would require me to take medication, most likely for the rest of my life. And it was okay! If I was a diabetic, I would inject insulin. If I had cancer, I would get chemotherapy. The problem was that those medical conditions didn’t have a stigma attached to them. Mental illness was my family secret and I was hiding it well. I needed to give it a voice. I attended a conference in 2013 that included a talk on the stigma surrounding mental illness. I couldn’t wait to hear what they had to say. The speaker was from a Minnesota advocacy group that seeks to stop the stigma that is associated with mental illness. I learned about NAMI through this group and, along with my daughter, we joined. Since then, my daughter has become a part of the “In Our Own Voice” program and I have joined the NAMI Speakers Bureau. Because of my affiliation to NAMI I have found it very comfortable to talk about my experiences with friends and family. I have learned that mental illness is a lot more common than I ever thought. Everyone knows somebody who is dealing with a mental health issue. My passion is to encourage people to talk about their own story. How will anyone ever be comfortable with mental illness if nobody talks about it? If I had survived cancer I would be shouting it from the rooftops. Well I have survived major depression. I have survived a serious anxiety disorder. I am so proud of myself. Please tell your story. There is someone waiting for you to open up so that they can open up to you. You may even help someone you love become a survivor themselves.
I still lack the motivation to move forward with projects and other things I used to have trouble with, I don't feel awful about myself anymore and I actually quite like myself but I still feel this lack of motivation. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and I have (mostly) overcome it but this is the one thing I can't get past, any advice or help would be greatly appreciated.
"I stopped seeing my favorite therapist at the end of September. I miss him so much. It is now November 11th and I woke up thinking about him and crying. He cared so much about me. He would text me later at night to see if I am okay and if I didn't harm myself. During sessions he would hold my hand for ressaurance that I will be okay and to make me feel like I am in the moment. He was the best therapist I ever had.
 I then switched therapists to a new one who abused me, badly. Physically, mentally, and sexually. Keep in mind, I don't have friends, I only have one and I don't have any friends at my university. I am currently trying to find a new therapist and I keep comparing them to my first therapist. (I did report the therapist and it's all taken care of, but I can't get past the trauma). Everytime I am in therapy now I feel like the therapist is going to hit me. I am weird :/
 I have had people in my life MANY who got fed up with me and left. Now I am afraid to tell them my feelings or anything. I've never been in a relationship either. Keep in mind, I am 18 and a female in the United States.
 I am diagnosed with clinical depression, generalized anxiety, and every therapist thinks I have PTSD, which I don't believe that I don't want to be labeled anymore. I have been suffering for 10 years.
 I've suffered through so much in my life. I just want a friend, or for someone to care about me. I am doing so well so far and I don't want to fuck it up (excuse my language).
 Thank you for hearing me out. My inbox is always open and I love chatting with new people.. :)"
"I think Bojack might be too triggering for me  Close  27  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I think Bojack might be too triggering for me  I hate to admit that I'm influenced by a cartoon, but I think it's true.
 Not to dump my life story here but I feel context is needed. I have been depressed for about a decade, since I was 12, but these past few months, after I graduated university, have been particularly bad. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and anxiety. I've rewatched Bojack several times but recently, certain parts of the series have been influencing me.
 For example, I am not an addiction-prone person, but if I watch That's Too Much, Man! or any of the later episodes of season 5 where Bojack is high on opioids, I can't help but want nothing more than to get so drunk/high that I don't have to think or feel anything at all. I have even been constantly thinking about getting some cannabis so I can do that. I also had deliberately and abruptly gone off my antidepressants because I decided that I was never going to be happy and that it wasn't worth the struggle anymore. I have also been driving around aimlessly at night when I feel broken and can't sleep, and I want to just drive somewhere far away and get away from it all because of the beginning scene of The Old Sugarman Place.
 Last time I did this, I had a noose in my car and I had no idea if my life was going to end that night. I ended up driving myself to the ER last minute, which landed me in a mental facility for a week under emergency detention. I am now back on my meds and am attending group therapy 3 times a week, but I still feel uncertain of whether or not I will ever be okay.
 I am not implying that Bojack has caused my depressive episode, but I am wondering if it has begun to take a toxic effect on me, which leaves me conflicted. I love this show so, so much, but am I too vulnerable to watch it? What do you guys think; have any of you had the same problem?"
"I think I may be done...  Close  3  Posted by    2 years ago  Archived  I think I may be done...  I am 47, I hate my job, I lost all my savings in a failed business venture, I live in my parent's guest bedroom and spend weekends alone. I have no money, almost no friends really. I'm single with no dating prospects and find it very hard to put myself out there with all of this baggage I carry.
 The past few years have been hell.  It's not gotten any better.  I see a psychiatrist and a therapist but nothing helps.  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder.  I cry in bed a lot.
 I think if I were gone forever--my family and few friends & acquaintances would stop for a moment of silence then go about their lives as if I were never there to begin with.
 I don't think I'd be missed.  In fact maybe those around me would be pleased as they wouldn't feel the need to worry about me anymore.
 It's simply not getting any better.  No hope. Nothing to look forward too.
 Somebody help"
I think I might be autistic  Close  3  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I think I might be autistic  Hey all, I’m a little bit nervous typing this up because i’m scared people might say i’m trying to self-diagnose or something, so i’ll just preface this by saying i’m not. i’ve been mulling this over for awhile but i’ve always held back from saying anything in fears of coming off as offensive or just trying to be “quirky”. i’ll get straight to the point: i’m pretty sure i might be autistic. the main symptom that leads me to believe this is mainly the social aspect. i’ve frequently been criticized as coming off as insensitive or apathetic when saying things. i also have trouble connecting with others. i’m also very prone to sensory overload in public and when there is a lot of noise, mainly people speaking, i get agitated. i also tend to get intense interest over various things for a limited amount of time, to the point where it can seem annoying (This has happened with various media or hobbies, such as gardening, comic books, etc.) because literally all i talk about is that stuff usually. now, the reason i’m not so sure is because i have been diagnosed with major depression, as well as a severe anxiety disorder (as well as hypochondria and social anxiety). The reason i started considering i might be autistic is because my mom causally mentioned that, as a child, she was pretty convinced that I was. The reason she never got me checked out for it is because “you never acted like your cousin did”. (my cousin has autism, and very strongly exhibits almost all of the common symptoms) I’m not sure how much I can believe that Autism can be ruled out just by her saying I’m not though, considering she let me go with undiagnosed anxiety and depression for YEARS and made me think i was weird for worrying about everything. i brought it up to her one day and she was like “yeah, you’ve always had it.” but then refused to let me see a therapist because she didn’t want me taking meds. i love her, but i think she has a very poor grasp on mental illness and just brushes off what i’m feeling. she’s a little more understanding and let’s me see a therapist, but every once in awhile she’ll say something that is detrimental to my mental health, not helpful. anyways, i’m not sure if i should start to more seriously consider that i have autism? it could go both ways, honestly. i just don’t want to seem rude or anything.
"I think i might have this disorder, as I have some of its core symptoms according to Wikipedia.
 Obsessive thoughts about (a) perceived appearance defect(s). Obsessive and compulsive behaviors related to (a) perceived appearance defect(s) (see section below). Major depressive disorder symptoms. Delusional thoughts and beliefs related to (a) perceived appearance defect(s). Social and family withdrawal, social phobia, loneliness and self-imposed social isolation. Suicidal ideation. Anxiety; possible panic attacks. Chronic low self-esteem. Feeling self-conscious in social environments; thinking that others notice and mock their perceived defect(s). Strong feelings of shame. Avoidant personality: avoiding leaving the home, or only leaving the home at certain times, for example, at night. Dependent personality: dependence on others, such as a partner, friend or family. Inability to work or an inability to focus at work due to preoccupation with appearance. Problems initiating and maintaining relationships (both intimate relationships and friendships). Repetitive behavior (such as constantly (and heavily) applying make-up; regularly checking appearance in mirrors; see section below for more associated behavior). Seeing slightly varying image of self upon each instance of observing a mirror or reflective surface. Perfectionism.
 Along with these, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety (related to Existential thoughts) which caused my suicide attempt. Also I am struggling with excessive intrusive thoughts and sometimes racing thoughts that take over my normal thinking process. Right now I am waiting to see a Therapist.
 Do you think I should bring up BDD to my Psych? Are all doctors aware of this disorder because it seems to be something recently uncovered."
"I think I'm going insane.  Advice Needed  Close  15  Posted by  1 month ago  I think I'm going insane.  Advice Needed  For context, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder & Social Anxiety. I don't know if those things are related to what's been going on, but here goes nothing.
 This past week, I've noticed weird hallucinations that I've been having. I'll glimpse at an inanimate object and I see it breathing. I look at my legs or arms and I see something crawling under my skin, and I feel it too. I feel like everything is going wrong.
 Now, this scares me a bit. I have disassociated before, and had the feeling like I wasn't there, but this is totally different. What I'm seeing seems real. I'm slightly afraid that if I tell my therapist, I'll be sent to a hospital, and I don't want that, but maybe it's what I need. I don't really know why this is happening, but I have some ideas.
 My father has BPD, and I don't know much about it, but there could be a chance that he's passed down some of those traits to me, but it seems unlikely that I could've had it all this time and it has gone undiagnosed, or unnoticed. I don't even know if hallucinations are common in people with BPD.
 It could also be my sleep schedule changing. Since I'm on break from school, I can go to bed later and wake up later as well.
 Has this happened to anyone else? Does anyone else have any ideas on why this could be happening? I don't really know what I'm supposed to do right now."
"I think I'm sick...what the hell do I do.  Close  6  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  I think I'm sick...what the hell do I do.  I don't even know where to start. My head is one giant mess, I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalised anxiety disorder. But I feel as of there's something more going on. I think I'm a hypochondriac so I have no idea what's what, I've thought I might have every disease imaginable almost. I feel like my sentences don't make sense anymore, the world is dull and grey. I think I hear someone near me that I know talk sometimes when they're not. Sometimes I think everyone around me is watching me or that I can change things magically. I cant get a job and I don't know why. I can apply for them but that's it. Its not that I'm scared. I lack motivation, I'm doing a diploma in ICT which I study from home. I have twp friends who have essentially taken me in. I keep thinking I can sell drugs to get by but I just gamble the money.
 The past year up to now I've lost contact with my whole family. I've lost friends, had suicidal thoughts and I just feel so lost. I just had a fight with one family member who I thought would always be there for me. Now I feel like I have no one.
 I thought I was getting better but now things seem worse than ever. I have barely any belongings. I'm $3k in debt. Living off $430 a fortnight. I feel like my own thoughts are those of a lunatic. Just ramblings. I'm scared of seeking help from a professional because I don't even know if my answers will be real. Made to suit what they're asking, or if its just a passing thought.
 Edit: Words."
"I Think It's Time For Me to Go.  Close  6  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I Think It's Time For Me to Go.  Edit: I feel like I wasted your time, LittleCloud. Isa, if you're reading this, this goes out to you as well. Thank you so much for reaching out. Thank you for seeing something in me that I can't.
 Goodbye.
 And thank you again.
 Hello everyone. I've created this account.
  
 I'm a little... scattered in the head right now. I hope you can understand what I've typed.
  
 There is some triggering content near the beginning. Please skip it if you have dealt with sexual assault. When you see the paragraphs again, it's finished.
  
 I (26F) am considering suicide tonight. It's not sudden. I have been thinking of it for a while. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Anxiety, and PTSD for about seven years now. I believe I've had it longer than that.
 I don't like being alive. Every day is a struggle. It's easier when I'm talking to others, but when I am alone, I get stuck in my head. And... and my head isn't a very nice place to be. I don't think others realize how much I'm struggling. I wear this happy mask so seamlessly that it seems to be my face.
 It isn't my face.
 I was sexually assaulted in my youth, and in my late teens. I feel broken. I feel worthless. I feel like nothing I does matters. I have three close friends, yet I don't feel like I belong. I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop. I'm waiting for that moment where I screw up so badly that the friendship is over. I feel that I'm always going to be second best to everyone. I don't have a romantic relationship, the only one I've ever had was abusive.
 I have this pathological urge to be perfect--I have to be perfect, I have to make everything better, I have to be better. Because it was my father who raped me, and I kept silent about it. When he molested me, I told my mom and she believed me. My brothers didn't. Police came and picked him up, and soon, it was up to me to know if he could come home. I said yes. I was twelve.
 What a stupid fuck I was.
 Fast forward two years. I stop going to school because I'm tired of being bullied. I'm tired of pretending to be okay. I'm tired of the cruelty of children. My father gives me some of his medication to help me sleep.
 I wake up and he's hurting me.
 I think it's a dream, and I stay home again.
 He does it again.
 This is not a dream.
 He asks me if he can do this to me every day.
 I tell him no.
 The look on his face makes me feel like I took back something from him. I feel strong. I feel scared, too.
 I'm smarter this time. He gives me the pills, and I pretend to take them.
 He lays down for a nap. Gets up later and asks me why I'm not asleep.
 I counter with ""Why should I be?""
 I realize he wouldn't stop if I stayed home again.
 I didn't sleep that night. Afraid he'd hurt me when mom was asleep.
 I go back to school. The taunts are more tolerable in comparison with the possibility of facing that again.
 I can't tell my mom. I think it's my fault.
 That was in the past, and I'm in therapy now. I'm still that child, because we all still live in the same house. And I still try to keep everything together. I always thought if I got better, if I went to therapy, then things would be better. It's not better. I was so stupid to think that I could change things. I hate that the decision fell on me. I love my mom, and I hate that she had me decide. I wanted to make her happy. I wanted to make sure that she wasn't overwhelmed. Therapy just reminds me of how immature and stupid I am. Medications don't help.
 I'm such a mess.
 Recently, I was interested in someone... and I thought it would go somewhere. I felt so happy just being near them, my heart would beat faster, and I always was excited at the thought of seeing them. And the most shocking part? They seemed interested, too! I was filled with hope, with joy, with amazement, that maybe,just maybe, my therapist is right. That I am worthy of love, and that people do like me.
 Such sweet lies I've swallowed.
 I believe I am too much, or, paradoxically, I'm not enough because now I realize I was so stupid. Maybe it's my warped depression lenses and maybe it isn't, but I do know now that it was all in my head. There was someone else. Just seeing their expressions is a give away. There's always someone else, and I'm never enough. I don't want to hope and think it's nothing. You don't look at each other like that and say it's nothing. I'm not letting you lie to me. I'm not letting you hurt me. I'm not letting you use me as an ego boost, or lead me on.
 I'm in college and I hate it. I hate being around my former crush. I want to confront them, and tell them to give me a straight answer so I can stop having these lingering feelings. I hate the fact that no one sees me when I'm not smiling, or if they do, they ignore it. I hate that when my mom sees me sad, she gives me hugs and I know that I'm just going to keep hurting her. I hate that no one seems to care, even though I like to see them smile each day. I hate that I feel so...
 Empty.
 I don't think I can do this anymore. Day in and day out, it's the same thing. Maybe this will change things. For my family. I just cause trouble for them. I made my mom keep my father in the house. My brothers don't drive and they depend on him for transportation. They don't know he drugged me and raped me. I heard her tell my aunt (her sister) that her anniversary is just another day. She's not happy. I'm not happy. All because my dad fucked up, and I fucked up. Every time she tells me not to do something because he's around, it reminds me of what happened.
 I'm tired of feeling responsible, when I know it isn't my fault. I'm tired of thinking I have to keep the family together. Maybe it's time for it to fall apart. I'm tired of therapy, calling for coaching, using skills. I'm wasting their time. I'm so worthless. I can't do anything right. They won't miss me. They'll probably be relieved that I'm gone.
 No more me asking peers if they'd like a hug today. No more offering them food. No more annoying them with stupid questions. No more moronic me. No more mom worrying about me being in the house alone with my father. No more uncertainty. No more painful hope.
 No more.
 This is the first time in a long time that I'm starting to feel... content. Euphoric even.
 I must wait though. I won't let them see my body. I will leave them a note.
 I hope they understand.
 I need this. I need this. I need to do this. I need to do this for me. I need to do this for them. So this is me making things right, trying to make things right for them and for me. I've been dead for a long time. It's time to make it right.
 Thank you for reading this. I love you. And I'm sorry. I hope I can make things better."
"I took some shrooms and had euphoria on it,I remember thinking ''I used to have this feeling playing outside as a kid''but never had it since Ive been a kid.I have been diagnosed with clinical depression.I do not feel joy like when I use shrooms or smoke sativa wich gives euphoria.even the mild euphoria from my medical cannabis,I do not feel without it.ever.nothing can make me feel what many would term as ''joy''.
  
 though my chronic sadness has evaporated for the last week since changing my diet,becoming more of a believer in God,and my sister coming from europe to live in my country again(United states)next to me.I used to feel such chronic sadness I was suicidal wich I was hospitilized a few times ,maybe its medication helping too.
  
 anyway I was wondering if people naturally can feel euphoria even mild joyous euphoria without drugs and if my inability to feel such under any circumstances is a part of my depression."
"I try to post but to exhausted too  Close  3  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  I try to post but to exhausted too  I've thought about posting in this group several times but when I think about what to say I feel exhausted and give up.  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) since I was 14....and I'm now 35. I have been on a myriad of medications for MDD, anxiety, and being borderline agoraphobic.  I have attempted suicide 3 times, twice in high school, once in college.  I used to self-harm...cutting, biting my nails down to the skin, punching walls, overeating. I was in therapy for years and did an outpatient day program at my hospital which lasted for 6 weeks.
 In the last 7 years I have gotten off all meds but an antidepressant, and I have stopped all ""professional"" therapy and now meeting with a close friend from my church.  I haven't participated in self-harm in two years and haven't had suicidal thoughts in a year or so.
 Well, everything has hit the fan. I am facing some big changes and watching my roommate go through life changes and I feel like I'm falling apart.
 I have roomed with a girl a few years younger than me for 4ish years now.  For two years she's been dating this guy and in two weeks they are getting married.  I am losing my roommate and that puts me in a financial mess, I am trying to move but having a hard time finding a place I can afford and the renting season is closing because I live in a state where it snows from Oct.-March!  I'm stressed about finances, needing a new apartment, and watching my younger roommate get married.
 I have never been in a relationship, I've never had anyone interested in me.  I have always been overweight (and am currently thinking about weight loss surgery).  I've never felt pretty or wanted or like a guy would even look at me twice.  I would like to be married one day and have kids but as I get closer to 40 I don't see that happening. My roommate is 5ft 7in, 110 pounds, and blonde!  She doesn't have depression or deal with chronic pain like me and she's had a few different boyfriends.  NOT only that but I recently found out that 3 separate people from my church, without knowing what each other was doing, set her up with her fiance.
 I feel so hurt and unloved.  I know I'm depressed, I know I'm overweight, I know I'm not very pretty, I know I deal with chronic pain.  But does that mean I don't matter, that setting me up with a guy would be a waste of time?  Or even worse, what if they have tried to set me up and the guy said no!
 I have been spiraling for weeks, I have been thinking about self-harm.  While I'm driving I think ""what if I just drove off the road?"" I go to work and go home and am alone all night until I wake up and go back to work.  I'm an introvert and am looking forward to living by myself but I'm tired of being lonely.  All my friends are married with kids and I feel out of place and unloved.  Instead of cutting, I have been overeating, I've gained 20pounds in three months.  So now I feel even worse and am hating myself even more.  I just want to be done with everything. I'm exhausted, in physical pain, and hating everything about myself."
"I used to be very happy and “religious” about these INC things. I love going to church twice a week, especially after I became a “kalihim” I loved INC more because I have more reasons to go to church. But being gay in the environment I was in, wasn’t the best fate I was given. I always felt alone, inside. Nobody really entertained the idea that I might be “gay.” I’m just a “soft boy,” a facade that everybody around me used for their own convenience sake. So, hindi rin nagtagal, onti-onting nawawala yung desire ko to get effervescence by going to church, but I still loved doing my designated jobs in the office and eventually I started skipping. Magsisinungaling ako na sumamba na ako kaya tumatambay ako sa office to do my jobs at kapag tapos na, tiyaka ko chine-check iyong attendance. (I also do the attendance, sa purok kasi namin may scarcity ng mga kalihim. Actually, ako na lang yung kalihim na galing sa mismong purok namin kasi kahit yung “ate leader” namin hindi taga sa amin)
 Personally, I liked hanging out in the office with the other kalihims until I heard their homophobic sentiments. I was devastated and sad. Nasundan pa iyon na mga susunod na aral, habang nakikinig ako, madalas yung ministro sa amin talagang bokal siya sa subtle homophobia niya. Hindi niya sasabihing “galit” siya pero we know it’s just a poor attempt of masking their homophobic & transphobic asses. So, since then hindi na ko umattend—
 I pretended, school was hectic, I deliberately make sure I would only go home when it’s 9:00pm or almost 8:30pm so that they wouldn’t have to rush me and force me to attend. (6:45pm-7:45pm kasi ang pagsamba ng gabi)
 Now, I am diagnosed with clinical depression because of my homophobic INC father & mother. My mother fools herself by saying she supports me for being gay, but would prefer I “hide” it until I manage to graduate. On the other hand, my father who works in Qatar, always tells me to “wag kang kikilos-kilos na parang babae,” “bawal ang bakla sabi sa aral tatandaan mo ‘yan!,” & other homophobic remarks. I asked him once to let me live in a dormitory but he refuses because he believe that I will be “more gayer” by then. I thought na ngayon na diagnosed ako ng clinical depression eh magiging mabuti na lahat but I was wrong.
 He gave me an ultimatum that he’d let me attend a dormitory but I have to attend INC and I should not be “gay.” I almost threw up, I want him to disown me by that time already. I want my freedom from this hypocritical family. Kinantot ng tuluyan ng INC ang mga magulang ko at ngayon baliw na baliw na sila sa aral neto.
 I want to commit suicide but I don’t have the courage to do it. I just want to cut myself off from them, but I can’t because it is undeniable that they are my financial supporters that’s why a collar is still in my neck. Some of you might advice me to “kayanin mo ilang taon na lang,” but I cannot. Anymore interaction with them & I might lose it. I’m just thankful because my non-INC friends take up the majority of my time so I am able to create a world without those two.
 I wish— INC would lose its followers as time pass at sana wala ng maging LGBTQ+ members na dumanas ng dinadanas ko ngayon."
"i used to work for them as a waitress, they were a lot older than me.they had this beautiful cafe that brought brightness into my life.they were the only once who were concerned about my mental state. back then i didn't know i  had depression,i thought i was just lazy (lol).because of that they fired me and I'm fine wth that because if i wasn't fired i would keep on thinking that  wanting to kill myself every single day was  normal. they genuinely cared about me and even tried to help find a job after they fired me, but i knew that i had to  fix my  mental state first. fast forward to present day where i am diagnosed with clinical depression, being on antidepressants and on therapy. i started missing them and went to see one of the few places that brought me happiness. they sold it and went on vacation to south afrca.i was sad that they sold the place but it was understandable. they went to live there life and i will continue to do the same.i wish them all the happiness this world could give. i wish to meet them one day and just talk about life in that beautiful cafe once more.
 sorry for my word vomit everyone"
"I want to be a parent but need some resources on how not to pass on my trauma and provide a happy, healthy environment for my future child.  Close  13  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I want to be a parent but need some resources on how not to pass on my trauma and provide a happy, healthy environment for my future child.  Basically the title. I have very few good role models when it comes to parenting and I know that people who have been traumatized tend to treat their children in a way that could potentially traumatize them as well. I don't want this to happen to my child and it's making me wonder if I should have a child at all.
 For context, my fiancé and I have a very stable relationship. We do not fight and we overcome challenges through calm discussion and purposeful action. I have been diagnosed with major depression and CPTSD, both of which I've gotten and continue to get all kinds of therapy for (CBT, DBT, EMDR). My medication is stable and effective. When I have bad days, my coping mechanisms are consistently effective and healthy (eating some junk food is as bad as it gets). My fiancé has mild mental health issues that he has seen a psychiatrist for and manages quite well through a healthy diet (he doesn't need medication or therapy).
 To clarify, I am not currently pregnant. My fiancé and I are discussing possible routes for becoming parents since I cannot safely carry a child to term because of the medication that I'm on and I cannot get off of my medication.
 My fiancé is very supportive and we are both happy to read/watch/attend any resources that we can find. We're trying to be as responsible as possible about potential parenting.
 Any suggestions on where we should go, reddit?"
I want to hang myself  Close  2  Posted by    1 month ago  I want to hang myself  I'm sorry if none of this makes sense, I've just had so much on my mind lately and I need to get it all out. I've attempted suicide probably 8 or 9 times since I was 15, I'm now 21. I have been hospitalized for my depression over 15 times in that time span. I've been self harming since I was 11. I've lost all of my friends, my family has abandoned me, I developed an eating disorder, and I gained 10k worth of debt because of all the hospitalizations and ambulance rides I have taken. i have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder severe and recurrent, anxiety, borderline personality disorder, and OSFED.  I had to move to another state because my aunt that I was living with for 3 years kicked me out because she couldnt handle how bad my mental health was. Now I'm living in a shitty state, with literally no friends, no money, no car, a shitty job, no life. The little bit of money that I do make is spent on medical and credit card bills and Ubers to get to work.  I spend my free time self medicating or sleeping. I hate my body, my personality, and every aspect of my life. I hate myself for the way that i ruined my life, I have dug myself into this deep dark hole and i see no way to get out of it. If it weren't for my fucked up brain, I could have gone to college, i would still have friends and a supportive family, a positive outlook on life. but i ruined that for myself. Suicide is the only option I see. in the past ive mainly relied on certain methods when ive attempted, which has put me in the ICU several times but something always ruins it. it is also so painful and uncomfortable. ive decided i am going to try one more thing. it's my last resort. i have nobody to talk to about this. i'm sorry for the bad grammar or spelling i just needed to vent and get it out. i need to find a good place to do it. my roommate said that if i kill myself she doesnt want me to do it at the house so she doesnt have to see.
I want to make this sound as least selfish as possible, but it may be difficult. I recently turned 14 and everything is getting incredibly overwhelming. To start things off, from the age of seven I was abused physically, emotionally and verbally. I now have a protection order against him for roughly three years. From the age of 11 I have always considered suicide. It’s a thought that has just hug around, I never go a day without thinking of it. There’s a barrier in front of me. Like yeah, I can be happy I guess, but there’s always a wall just in front of me that stops me from getting to complete happiness, to deal with that, I usually blast music until it vibrates through my entire body, it is so deafening it kind of gives a release. I also cut severely, my arm is beaten up but I am not satisfied. I have a goal for how many scars i want and I do it because I want to see my body be destroyed at times where I don’t want to die. My best friend Zara commuted Suicide in 2016, and my other close friend Raechel on September 8th 2017. I think about Raechel every day, Zara is in the back of my mind but not as much. It’s comforting knowing that when I die I will see them. I know that they are in heaven, I am a Christian, and I am pretty sure I will go to heaven (I have done much research on this). But anyways, I have been to mental hospital 6 times, and I’m just fucked up. I’m always so tired, I never want to get out of bed, I am diagnosed with clinical depression. I just want something to live for, I litterwlly have nothing. Yes, I have friends, I am so grateful to have incredible friends who are there for me and I know that, but I still feel so lonely. I know there are people going through the exact same thing but still. I have even considered having a child just to give myself a reason to be alive, and I’m seriously considering it now. But I know it’s unfair to bring a child into this world when I honestly would have no idea what I would be doing. I know that this will pass but waiting for it to pass is too long, I’d rather give up no. I take setraline for my depression and add, thank you for listening. I just need advice. Thanks:/
"I want to write a book, I think. Not a novel, but one of those ""Things I Wish I Had Told Myself Ten Years Ago""  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I want to write a book, I think. Not a novel, but one of those ""Things I Wish I Had Told Myself Ten Years Ago""  I know I'm a great writer and I have a great vocabulary, and writing fiction is just completely out of my competent zone. But I [24f] have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety, I've had birth control that went horribly wrong, and I've learned all of these things that I wish I knew earlier.
 Writing's always a good hobby anyways. But somehow I can't take myself seriously as a writer. It doesn't feel right. I feel like a poser or something. That's so silly because there are millions of books and novels, and I'm sure the authors weren't 100% confident either. It's not that I'm incompetent but I feel like I can't make something of myself.
 I compare myself to sisters often, and I know that's a terrible thing to do. But I know I have at least one skill that has a small potential to make me some kind of money. I'm good at a lot of things, I just don't want to settle down and do one thing my entire life as a career, dependent on that.
 This was a long ramble.
 Here's a TL;DR: I'm good at writing, want to use my skills to earn somewhat of a living. Was interested in writing sort of a ""self-help"" book, am super under confident with myself in general."
"i was awarded an achievement award.  i want to tell you my story.  Close  16  Posted by  8 years ago  Archived  i was awarded an achievement award.  i want to tell you my story.  i am not really sure what sub reddit to put this in, and hopefully.. i will be able to change to a better sub reddit if needed.
 i am diagnosed with major depression and severe social anxiety. in order to cope i use to  participate in deliberate self harm, drinking, taking pills, and engaging in extremely risky behaviors. there were times where i couldn't get out of bed, i had no energy. i had no reason to be depressed i had no reason to cry to sleep at night.. but i did.   ive wanted to kill myself several times but i kept going.
 i use to have panic attacks in class. the first time, i remember my professor walking me to the counseling service at school. and even though i am majoring in addictions counseling.. i cant stand counseling.. i hate  dealing with my problems.. but i kept going.  eventually liking it.
 i remember one term, i would come in to school with brand new bruises scrapes and cuts almost weekly. i was told by the academic advisor to take some time off, go get better first.  now this might have been a foolish idea. but it was my decision. i continued to go to class and i continued cutting to cope. i continued going to counseling, but i also continued to ""walk on the edge"" i participated in risky behaviors hoping that a freak accident will happen. at this point my family is telling me to stop going. but i didn't, i kept going to school.
 it took 6 months.. i started feeling better. my classmates notice certain differences.. i performed on stage for improv comedy.
 a guy who has developed social anxiety and depression. was actually having fun on stage.
 i do however have to give credit to the drexel judo team.  while i participated in other martial arts boxing, muay thai.  i had no problems fitting in with the judo members. it felt amazing.
 i am clearly not the greatest writer.  i did however wanted to share my story.
 TL:DR i am diagnosed with major depression and social anxiety roughly 2 -3 years i am dealing with it much better and even performed on stage at a improv comedy show
 edit some slight editing revision.. probably didn't help.."
"I was targeted by a MLMer at my barista job and was almost deceived  Close  43  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I was targeted by a MLMer at my barista job and was almost deceived  This may be long, so I apologize. I wanted to share my experience with Primerica and some of the inner workings of what they do, who their targets are for their insurance, and who they target to join them.
 I work as a barista and despite the bad days, love my job. I'm great at connecting with people, being personable, and making people laugh, so my manager frequently puts me at the register to interact with customers.
 Needless to say, a man came up to me to order a coffee and we got to chatting. After a bit he offers me his number and ""a business opportunity"" for me because he thinks I'm great with people. Very vague, but he seemed like a really nice guy (40 something, married, kind).
 Well, I cautiously text him after talking with my mom and girlfriend at the time, and decide to meet him a few days later in a very public place with his wife present to talk about this business opportunity. He consistently avoids my questions about what this business is. Says ""Let's save all of that for our meeting!""
 I told him that one of my biggest desires in life is to help others and to bring them joy. I don't even think he realized he was deceiving me. He desperately wanted to believe he was doing something important.
 We meet, they come prepared with packets of materials and start talking about their successes in the company, the community they've found, their ability to quit their daily jobs and make a lot of money all on their own time. NEVER mentioning the company, but so optimistic that its causing me to feel bad about being hesitant.
 Mind you, I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and am functionally depressed, and I rely heavily on being GIVEN schedules in order to leave my bed, so this is already a red flag for me. Setting my own schedule? That means no schedule. Self-driven? I need guidance. Work therapy is real lol. But they are so pushy and the concept of making more money was attractive to me.
 Well, it was a damn HOUR before they even actually told me the company was Primerica, and my job would be to sell people life insurance. I was kind of... shocked? If anyone saw me, they would never buy life insurance from me. I'm an adult but I look like I'm 16, I have purple hair and a nose ring, tattoos, and am life insurance company's nightmare with suicide risk. Plus I am a Big Gay Nerd.
 I bit my tongue and let my curiosity get the best of me. They signed me up for emails and made me a part of their team, and then I had to pay like $20 (maybe more, I can't remember) for a 20-something hour class to become licensed to sell it, which they said I would get back once I completed.
 I went to the class and basically learned how life insurance worked. It was the third day of the class and I had to learn about how to find target customers. And this is where I fucking lost it.
 The prime ""target"" was a healthy looking well-off late 20- early 30-year old man starting a family with no prior health issues. And my job was to represent the company and sell this target an insurance package. And then I sent the pitch to the actual company, and if they were approved, they got what the company gave them.
 So I asked the teacher, ""What about people with pre-existing conditions? People with mental illness or cancer or neurological conditions or genetic diseases? Don't they need life insurance?"" and he got quiet and said ""Well, you can try to sell to them, but most likely the company will deny them or give them the lowest tier package because they are a greater risk"".
 And I should have known, because insurance companies are sharks in the water. But I thought maybe it might be different with this one because of this weird community and optimism I was seeing. The reality is these Primerica peddlers don't care about health or life insurance for people who are a risk because the company will deny them or give them a lower tier of insurance and the peddler will make less commission. They're no better than any other insurance company.
 I thought I was going to be able to help people, but I was actually only ""helping"" the people who were capable of getting insurance from any company anywhere at a great price. The people I actually cared about helping were the ones I was supposed to avoid.
 I was livid. They almost got me. I literally erased his number from my phone, did not show up to finish the class or take the test, and ignored any message from him. Haven't seen him since.
 The worst part is, when they found out that my parents had been recently divorced, they wanted me to pitch to my own goddamn family now that their insurance had changed. I told them directly that I was uncomfortable doing that, so they asked me to make a list of other people I knew that might need it, including my 20 year old friends, my extended family, and my girlfriends family!!
 Sadly my cousin is a part of this scam, constantly bragging online about her and her husbands success, their new mustang they bought (that just broke down and they couldnt afford to fix), and harassing my recently divorced mom to buy insurance. My mom had to actually text her ""PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT ME AGAIN UNLESS YOU ACTUALLY CARE TO KNOW HOW I AM DOING"" because she was so sick of my cousin asking how she was just to change the topic to buying life insurance.
 I could have been a part of that bullshit. I could have put all that disingenuous shit in between my actual connections to my family and friends, and I did not want to just USE the people I love for making money.
 They took advantage of my desire to help people and my ability to connect with others and deceived me with the prospect of money and community and ""positive thinking"".
 I think I'd rather make coffee."
"I went through a pretty bad breakup about three months ago with my boyfriend of a year and three months. We have only talked to each other twice since it happened, and he seems to be a completely different person.
 He struggles a lot with addiction and while we were together he stopped drinking, smoking, and doing drugs because of me. He also has a lot of issues with mental health, he has an anxiety disorder and I suspect he also has some form of schizophrenia. Before we started dating, we used to be really good friends, and I never thought of him in a romantic way because of the person he used to be. He used to get blackout drunk almost every week, he brought marihuana to school, he called me crying after dosing on heroin; to sum it up, it was bad. He eventually stopped doing all these things and I decided that I was okay with giving him a chance. We started dating, we fell in love and yada yada yada.
 He broke up with me because he said that he wasn't okay with himself and he didn't want me to feel as if being with him was a responsibility, and that he felt that he wasn't giving me the love that I deserved. In that moment I didn't really understand his motives and blamed it on myself, but after three months of thinking and reflecting I finally accepted it and found a way to make peace with him.
 This last school year we went to the same school, (he is two years older than me), but this year I'm going to another school and I won't have to see him every day and I won't need to suffer the pain that this causes me anymore. I am a person who likes to give a good conclusion to things, I like to say my goodbyes, so I thought that if anybody deserved one it was him. I had also been wanting to tell him about something that happened while we were together that I hadn't been ready to talk about until that moment. To sum it up, I went through a miscarriage and I never told him because I thought it was the best thing to do at the moment; it was horribly painful, both physically and mentally.
 So, I planned what I wanted to say to him as my final goodbye and I went ahead and I talked to him the last day of school. The last times we had spoken since the breakup he had been very distant, and perhaps even mean if you may say; in a way i understood, because everyone has a different way of dealing with grief, anyway, I was expecting him to have this same mood when I talked to him this time. He completely took me by surprise when he acted nicely and smiled at me, I said what I was planning to say and we talked about what happened between us (there was a lot of crying) and we both agreed that this wouldn't be the last time we talked. He mentioned to me while were talking that he went back into drugs and had to go in and out of rehab, that he was hearing voices in his head saying horrible things every day, generally that he hadn't been in a very good state since we broke up. This made me feel very sad because in the end I am still in love with him even though he doesn't feel the same way.
 This was almost three weeks ago. About a few days ago he messaged my best friend asking her for my number (meaning he deleted it), and he put me into a group chat for a party that he is throwing with his friend. In the group bio it says something like ""the one who doesn't drink is a f*g"" (that is the best translation I can give to it). I have to mention that this party is one of those puking in the floor, the air is 99% tobacco, people tripping on LSD kind of thing. I still have no idea why he invited me (probably as a joke or something), but it makes me so sad that he went back to being the person he worked so hard to leave behind. He hopped back into all the bad habits, the drinking, the drugs, and all I want to do is help him. The last time we talked we both agreed that we would talk again about  everything  that happened between us when we were both mentally ready to do so. We talked about being in each other's lives again (as friends), and I was really willing to do it, but now I'm not so sure anymore.
 I've had my own issues with mental health (I am diagnosed with clinical depression, it is treated and I am relatively okay), and because of the pain that both the miscarriage and the breakup brought into my life, i've been struggling to stay on track and not go back into things like self-harm and the horrible mentality i used to have. I realized that the last three months of our relationship and the things he has said and his attitude towards me in these last three months, have just shown me that he isn't good for me at all, he unintentionally weighs me down and makes me really miserable. I need to let him go and I know that, but I still feel the need to be there for him and not let him fall into that horrible cycle that addiction brings any deeper. I am still in love with him and I am really scared that someday soon I'll receive a call telling me that he OD'd or that he slit his wrists open. I want to protect him but by doing so I also hurt myself, and I really don't want that. If you are still reading up to this point, thank you. I really needed to just tell this to someone, and I accept any advice that you guys may have. Thank you."
"I would appreciate it if some people would weigh in on this!  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I would appreciate it if some people would weigh in on this!  At this point in time, issues like anxiety and depression are common enough that they are becoming more accepted by the general population. However, I have still encountered a good bit of people that have made assumptions about my character after learning that I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I have noticed that people who have never experienced clinical depression sometimes disregard the severity of it and label it as a fake disease. Unfortunately, there have also been those who have made fun of me for my diagnoses.
 Most recently, I had a friend who had an issue with the fact that I take antidepressants. They implied that I was weak and less of a person for taking a medication to help me manage my depression. This person likened my situation  to someone who is hooked on prescription pain killers. In their opinion, I should suck it up and get through my issues on sheer willpower.
 Let me start by saying that I could not disagree more with this person. I am diagnosed with anxiety disorders and PTSD as well as major depressive disorder, which can also be treated with SSRIs. Unlike taking a prescription medication to get high, I take an antidepressant to help me get back to my normal level functioning. Rather than it interfering with my life, the medication makes it a little bit easier for me to be successful in my career and accomplish my goals. I do not use the medication as a band aid; I use it to help reduce my symptoms while I address the underlying issues. I am currently seeing a psychologist, but I also put in work on my own time to ensure that I am setting myself up to be a happy and healthy person. I try each and every day to improve myself so that I am able to help others.
 Before getting to my point, I want to share my story with everyone.
 ...
 I truly believe that even if my circumstances had been different, I would have still experienced depression at some point in my life. Depression runs in my family so to a certain extent my symptoms can be explained by physiology. Because of this, I happen to respond very well to being treated with an SSRI. I have learned to control what I can, but I must still accept that there are some things that I can not change. I may be able to control my behaviors and my cognition, but these things still do not fix the imbalance of neurotransmitters in my brain.
 I am a fighter. My ambition, perseverance, and ingenuity have all carried me far in my life. I would say that I am successful by most standards. I have been able to do this regardless of the obstacles created by my mental illnesses. I tried to heal myself without the help of a medication for many years with no triumph. When I finally agreed to take an antidepressant, my symptoms improved immensely.
 I eventually reached my peak; I had established healthy habits and my mental health was better than ever. There came a time when I was doing so well that I would forget to take my antidepressant for days at a time. I had a major relapse, which signaled the onset of my PTSD symptoms. I have been fighting ever since to get myself back to that place. I am slowly reaching it, but my progress is slower than before. This is understandable because I was starting from a point that was lower than ever before. The PTSD has dragged me through the absolute worst period of life. I am proud of each milestone I have reached so far. I know that I will keep getting better and there will come a time when I will no longer need the aid of an antidepressant.
 ...
 I’m sure that there are other people out there  who have had similar experiences. Maybe it was a family member, friend, coworker, or even a stranger who had misconceptions about what it means to be diagnosed with a depressive disorder. Maybe you were belittled, criticized, labeled, or prejudged. Perhaps there was a person who made rude jokes about what you were going through.
 I do my best to educate people about mental illness, and I try to be open about my experiences with it. I can only hope that people will take the time to listen. Regardless, being treated like I just described is very hurtful.
 What do you do? How do you handle the stigma surrounding your mental illness? As a community, what can we do to reduce the stigma of depression and other disorders?
 I would love to hear any thoughts on everything that I just shared!"
"I would love to be completely open with people about how I feel sometimes if I weren't so afraid of the places they would send me for doing so.  Close  6  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I would love to be completely open with people about how I feel sometimes if I weren't so afraid of the places they would send me for doing so.  I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder. I attempted suicide once and was committed to a relatively nice ward for that. Let my guard down and did what they wanted, opened up about my true feelings and was sent to a place that still haunts me to this day. I still hear the screaming, I still remember the ""food"". The most important lesson I learned from that place was how to lie and misdirect better than ever or else I'd be sent back to that place or something like it if not worse.
 I was only in there for a week and three more weeks at the first place. Ive been out and being a ""productive member of society"" for nearly two years now. I've had two very close friends succeed at what I didn't in taking themselves out and even then, I was to afraid to be candid about how I really felt about it out of fear of being put back into a ward.
 I don't begrudge those that opt out of this world. Some people are just not willing to sacrifice or trade in their morality to get ahead. Some people aren't willing to close their eyes and employ ""coping skills"" in light of all the injustice in the world at large and in their own environment as well.
 I tried my damn best to get ahead in today's society. I followed all the guidelines... I went to school and got as decent grades as I could while working 60 or more hours a week.
 I graduated and went straight to work in any jobs I could get. Hard jobs, dirty jobs, long jobs. I'd routinely work 80, sometimes 90 hours a week and could barely walk home because my legs hurt so much from running around all day. I couldn't afford to eat every day.
 The debt would keep building on and on and I couldn't make a dent in it. I'd see nepotism reward people who didn't do a fraction of the amount of work I did just because they looked less tired and went out with the bosses for drinks after the shifts had ended.
 I made my move and did my time and now I'm out and still see the same things. I see my dreams drifting further and further away every time I make any progress. I see good people being beaten and defeated while the slimiest among us reap the rewards of their corruption.
 I don't believe that there is anything wrong with my brain chemistry or neurotransmitters. This dog eat dog society is not for everyone and those that want out of it shouldn't be demonized for doing what they have to when they see no other options.
 Some of you are going to say the typical things I've always heard... ""Just be patient and stick it out! It will get better, trust me!"" I've met people in their sixties and seventies who have literally worked themselves to death. It didn't get better for them and I am no more of a saint or sinner than any of them. My mistakes and unfortunate circumstances were no less serious than theirs.
 I'm not saying I'm planning to try again, I'm not. I'm actually pretty ok with life now all things considered. But understand that when so many people make that final commitment, it's not that they are giving up on themselves or their friends and family... They are giving up on a world that they are not to blind too see and not to simple to understand.
 End rant."
I’m 19 years old and I am a recovering alcoholic, meth, heroin, and benzodiazepines addict. I’m feeling very suicidal and want to use. I don’t know what to do anymore. I’ve been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety, PTSD, and psychosis. I have a lot of shit going on through my head and I want it all to stop. I’ve been in and out of institutions since I was 15 and feel like I cannot seek help through another mental health center because I will be threatened to go to a state hospital again. I’ve been to residential and have tried changing my entire life around. I haven’t been very responsible about taking my medicine because it makes me feel like a zombie. But I’m just tired and exhausted and need advice on what to do because I can’t keep on living this way.
"I’m a therapist that needs therapy  Close  13  Posted by  2 months ago  I’m a therapist that needs therapy  Okay, not quite a therapist yet. I’m a grad student working on my msw, which will let me practice once I’m licensed (lcsw). I didn’t even know this subreddit existed until I just stumbled upon it while googling some questions looking for advice.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and ocd, which manifests in intrusive thoughts and bfrbs (hair pulling and skin picking). I have a history of self harm and suicidal ideology (never attempted). My psychiatrist and therapist during college both disagreed with one another about diagnosis, as my psychiatrist wanted to add an additional bpd diagnosis. I currently take medication to manage the depression.
 Now, I observe and manage my symptoms to the best of my ability so that it does not interfere with my work and schooling.
 Since getting my undergrad degree (a year ago this May) I haven’t been able to receive any kind of proper therapy. I tried going back to therapy at some local clinics near my home, but I’ve been met with snide remarks about how I’m working on becoming a therapist, and yet I need therapy? Shouldn’t I be able to notice the problems in myself and how to fix them?
 Theoretically, yeah. I just really need someone to help keep myself in check and notice when I start self deprecating or slip into suicidal thinking.
 I suppose working in the mental health field makes people think you receiving therapy is redundant. It’s made me feel super discouraged looking for therapy and counseling, because I know therapy/counseling is something I need, yet I feel like I’m not being taken seriously.
 One of my absolute, biggest insecurities is “if I’m not even able to help myself, how could I possibly help others?” I don’t know what I have to do in order to be taken seriously as someone who needs counseling, even though I specialize in counseling others."
"I’m barely holding on  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I’m barely holding on  I’m on a throwaway account for various reasons.
 I’m a 39 year old married female in the US. I don’t have kids, and I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety, and PTSD.
 Every single thing in my life lately has been ridiculously overwhelming. I’ve lost my appetite, I cry over any tiny mistake - especially if it’s work related. I feel like a massive failure 100% of the time. Right now, I’m currently trying to hold off a panic attack because I have to work in 22 hours. I’m on antidepressants. My psychiatrist just doubled my dose. I just want to quit everything and disappear. Not kill myself, but not be a burden to anyone, either.
 I used to not worry about every damn thing. I used to be the voice of reason. Now, I’m so wound up all the time, I’m scared to leave the house (I work from home). It’s been 2 weeks since I was even outside.
 I’m so tired of all of this."
"I’m lost, I don’t know what to do with myself anymore. I’ve struggled with depression for as long as I can remember, and I’ve been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, as well as a few other things. It’s come to a new low since my Nana passed away on February 1st.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I’m lost, I don’t know what to do with myself anymore. I’ve struggled with depression for as long as I can remember, and I’ve been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, as well as a few other things. It’s come to a new low since my Nana passed away on February 1st.  I took care of her for five whole months at the end. I slept over, cooked for her, laughed with her, comforted her, cried with her, called her, and spent as much time with her as I possibly could. Her deteriorating was the hardest thing I’ve ever seen, she was such a strong woman. I had the privilege of being there when she took her last breath, but oh my goodness, that was the saddest, most disgusting thing I have ever witnessed in my life. I’m forever grateful I was there but I’m beyond heartbroken.
 She was my best friend, we went over to her house every single day after school. She spoiled us, gave us advice, and would do anything for us.
 My every thought was about her and what I could do to brighten her day, maybe bring her McDonald’s pancakes or some flowers or cupcakes. Always wanted to know how she was doing. I prayed for her comfort and peace.
 I don’t know what to do with myself anymore. I’ve lost a part of me when she left. I know how mad she’d be at me for being so sad and would tell me to save my tears but I just don’t know how to better myself. I work, but not enough. I try to be with friends but afterwards I feel so drained. They upped my Prozac to 40mg and I started acupuncture.
 I miss her more than words can express. She would be the one I’d call to talk to about this. She was so wise and always knew exactly what to say and what I needed to do. I’m scared that as time goes on I’ll forget her. I don’t know how to live my life without her wisdom. I don’t know what to do with myself.
 I feel like I’m stuck and I don’t know how to continue like she’d want me to. I have passive thoughts where I think about how I’d be okay with dying but I know I have a lot of life to live, I just don’t know what my next step needs to be. I’m too scared to go to school, I don’t know if I want to get a second job, I need new friends that can understand"
I’m pretty young so I always tried to keep the mentality that things were going to get better. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression 7months ago and ever since then I tried to do my best to move forward. 5months ago I met this girl. We got really close and she talked me out through most nights when I was about to just give up. We met a couple times and I got so comfortable with her. Fast forward a month into us knowing each other and let me just say I was in love. It was just such a great feeling to know someone has you through this period of your life where it feels like no one does. We live in Colorado and she just completely broke me. She got with this guy from Georgia that she’s never seen before. Eventually I accepted the fact that I couldn’t be the one to make her happy and that I wasn’t enough so I just let it be, after all there’s nothing I can do about it. She’s so happy now, with someone she’s never seen face to face. That alone makes me feel worthless. Well I actually got into a relationship after that with this amazing girl. She made me feel so much better about everything. She made me feel loved and cared for. I never quite told her about my depression and how much it affected me because of fear she would leave after that but little did she know she was almost like a treatment. When I was with her I could forget everything that was going on. Tonight she broke it off with me. Saying she can’t be in a relationship right now, but deep down inside from experience with others who said the same thing I know it really means she can’t be in a relationship with me. I was still going through the failure in school, work and at home. I couldn’t take it. I just broke down in my room alone and it hurt so bad because the only happiness I’ve had for so long was taken away from me overnight. My parents don’t understand my depression, they think it’s not real. Something I make up as an excuse. He goes up to my room and start calling me various insults like B and P and it just made everything worse. I feel worthless and a failure at so much. Failure at being an ideal son, brother, boyfriend. I feel like I’m not enough and it’s taking a toll on me. Every night I’m suicidal but I can’t take my life because of my little sister. I know she’ll be devastated but sometimes I think it’s for the best. I have no one now. I’m truly alone, nobody understands. I’m too afraid to ask for help. Everyone already thinks down on me because of depression and I just can’t imagine if they knew I was on the verge of ending it all every night. I lost my faith in god, he was the only thing keeping me going and now I feel as if no matter what he doesn’t want to see me succeed. I also deal with guilt because I know so many people are going through so many worse things and getting through it but I’m over here sobbing it up over what seems like a complete joke. Sorry to bother, or waste up space on this thread but I just had to let things off my chest
"I’m ready to end it all  Close  5  Posted by  4 months ago  I’m ready to end it all  i’m a teenager, graduating highschool in a couple of months. I have a job, a loving family, and a somewhat decent education. So why is it i feel like absolute shit? I am going to tell me story because i feel as though i have to more left to give, no will to continue, and honestly i need someone to talk me out of it since i am convinced it is what i need to go. No, it is what i want to do.
 it all started last year, things were super stressful as the school year was coming to an end with exams and everything. Every night (and i wish i was exaggerating) i’d go to sleep at 4,5,6 in the morning, and would have to wake up at 7 to go to school. at school i was a walking zombie waiting for the day to end so i could go home and take a 5 hour nap and recharge. After my nap, i’d wake up eat dinner, and start my homework staying up all night long again. this viscous cycle had been happening for at least 5 months. So like i said exams season came by and i had absolutely no motivation. i was mentally, emotionally, and physically exhausted yet i was forced to continue pushing through. after exams i couldn’t take it anymore. i knew that the next year was going to be probably be even worse than the one i just experienced and i was could not go through that again. I was so desperate to get away from everything that i was planning to switching schools and starting fresh with new friends and new people to surround myself with that would hence my last year in highschool. I went to the other school i wanted to transfer to and they didn’t understand way i’d want to leave my school for the last year. they ( the vice principal and some staff) made me feel unwanted and when they began questioning me about why i wanted to leave even though this is something i wanted so badly i began to question myself, and doubting everyone i was looking forward to in the new school year. After that meeting with the vice principal and the staff, i told myself it wasn’t a good idea to switch no matter how much i wanted to. i got sad again thinking of how unhappy i’ll be next year and how much pain and suffering i went through this year being at that school. that was the first time i started thinking about suicide. i know what you may be thinking, everyone goes through this you’re not the only one that experiences stress you’re being dramatic. Here’s what i’ll say to that: not everyone handles stress in healthy ways. Just like what you thought, i thought the exact same. id tell myself: you’re so dramatic get it together people have it worse and yet you’re crying because you’re stressed? i was ready to give in but i decided to wait it out a bit because i was going on a trip soon that was really expensive and i didn’t want to waste my parents money. so i didn’t kill myself.
 fast forward to the beginning of the school year, i was upset that didn’t get to switch schools but i tried starting off optimistic. i told myself i was going to be more involved this year and try to make some new friends and try to seem like a nicer person overall. things started off pretty good until literally a week after i started school everything came crashing down. i lost 3 of my friends because they all turned their back on me. not gonna get into that because i’m trying to not remember the events that happened that night but let’s just say after that incident i was in a really really dark place. i felt so betrayed, but i also felt like i deserved everything that was happening to me. that i deserved to feel this way and to be treated the way i was being treated by everyone. after that incident, i was down to only 2 friends. may sound like i’m being dramatic but out of a graduating class of over 100 students i was only friends with 2. the following weeks after what happened it was hard to get on my feet again. i became really really insecure with myself and everything little comment that someone would make to me i’d go home and bawl my eyes out. this is when i started developing my depression. at first it was only a little things like losing my appetite, etc. The only thing is tho sometimes it’d be on and off with no in between like one day i’d be “fine” like ill spend time with my friends or family and the day would go pretty good. but some days, i’d stay in bed all day and just cry and cry and cry with no motivation to get up.
 One day, my dad caught me doing something bad. very vague i know but the point of this story is that after i was caught, i felt so so so guilty. i had never experienced so much guilt in my life before this. i wasn’t grounded for what i did but i kind of grounded myself because i spent 3 days in bed crying and thinking of how much of a bad kid i am and how worthless and pathetic i am etc, etc, and i even spent  more 72 hours without eating because i felt like i didn’t deserve it. i was recovering from those dark thoughts i had been experiencing and after this happened they all came back but even worse. i felt as though my parents give me everything and yet this is how i repay them doing this stupid shit. i started comparing myself to other people how they’re so good, blah blah blah but i started putting myself down so much that i began to believe everything that i’d say. from that moment on, i have not been able to come out of the dark hole i’ve made for myself.
 Now, that you know the background story, here’s what’s currently going on. i am diagnosed with major depressive disorder. i have not gone to counseling yet, but honestly that looks like fucking bullshit to me. i think i’ve experienced such darkness that i’m ready to let go and see what’s after death. i have no idk how to say it but need to continue living this worthless life. every time i go to school i feel this sadness because i hate being there and also anger in myself because i was so so close to getting away from that disgusting place but i stayed. to this day i think my life would have drastically improved if i had switched schools and that’s also what breaks me down. because i had a chance to leave and escape but i stayed back and i regret everything second of it and i can’t believe i was so stupid to stay and be optimistic about such a shitty place filled with negativity. i have no idea where i want to go to university because i have i feeling that the place i wanna go to i can’t go cause we don’t have the money for it. my parents want me to go to school that’s close to my house so i can live with them but that’s the thing, i wanna get away from everything and everyone. i have no desire to see what the future holds for me. i have grateful for everything that i have and so so thankful for the amazing parents and family i have but being grateful for everything doesn’t take away my pain. everyone keeps telling me it’s only a couple months until you graduate you can do it but the thing is i can’t. i’ve given up and i don’t have the strength to continue living my life. i’ve been thinking about suicide for so long that honestly i don’t see why i haven’t done it yet. i hadn’t done it before because i thought of how everyone around me would suffer but then i thought: that’s not fair, that these people are the reason i can’t fulfill my dream of dying and finding i better life with god. i have the right to me selfish and commit suicide. it’s my decision whether i want to continue living, not everyone else’s. i am pathetic, worthless, and a waste of air. that is why i am convinced i should kill myself.
 I apologize how long this is i just wanted to vent and tell my story"
I’m so lost and confused  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I’m so lost and confused  About a week ago, I ran away from home and “stole” my own car, and I’m now mostly living in it. I have been diagnosed with major depression, and generalized anxiety disorder, and have had my diagnosis for about a year. I regularly see a psychiatrist, therapist and my family doctor, as well as take medications that work for me. About two weeks ago, I got into a fight with my mother, where she flat out said “you don’t have depression, you’re just seeking attention, I know because I studied child psychology in university” (I’m not a child and a lot has changed since the 80s) I was trying to explain to her that she doesn’t understand what I’m going through, and it’s not for attention or I’d be a lot more dramatic about it, since I usually keep these things to myself. She doesn’t know that I cut myself, or that I can’t sleep more than two hours at a time, or anything else about me because I don’t want her to worry. She told me that she wanted to admit me to the hospital to “confirm” that I’m really depressed, and she won’t continue to let me live in her home if I didn’t go. So I packed up my things and left. I know she’s emotionally manipulative with me, and she knows what buttons to press. She tried to report me as a missing persons and told the police she was “very worried” that I would kill myself. I got into contact with the officer handling the case the same night, and told him that I’m fine and safe, I have my medications, and I’m not feeling suicidal. He wanted to know where I was so I told him I was with a family member and gave a false address because I wanted the case closed. My mother know thinks my older half sister is harbouring me, and blaming her for everything, she’s getting very nasty with my sister, threatening to have my dad disown her, never talk to her again, she even makes my older brother do “random drop ins” to make sure I’m not with her. I can’t even visit her now, because I don’t want her to not have my dad in her life. I’ve been showering in churches and using public libraries to find a job but I’m flat broke, sleeping in my car, and eating two pieces of bread a day to keep myself together. I’ve never felt less anxious, but also never so alone and sad. Edit: I’ve only lived at her house for approximately 2 months, I had to move back home after a failed relationship, and I haven’t lived at home in several years.
I’ve been diagnosed with major clinical depression and anxiety since 2011. I’ve taken medication and seen therapists which have gotten me out the fog at times but it’s been soooo long since I’ve had any sort of sustained happiness that I barely even remember what it’s like to have things to look forward to or get out of bed without a sense of dread.
I’ve been diagnosed with Major Dysthymic Depression and Panic Disorders. I have my horrendous days like everyone burdened with these diseases. I’m also high-functioning which makes it worse, I think. No matter how horrible I feel, like Sisyphus, I keep pushing that boulder uphill. No rest. My boxes are always scattered, contents mixed up like a tornado has come through. Like you, I struggle to tell my therapist this. I’m not certain that anyone who hasn’t been here can understand it.
"I'm 20 and I don't know how I can improve my life  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm 20 and I don't know how I can improve my life  I'm not sure where to go or what to do with myself from here, I feel trapped and worthless in my skin. I don't know how to drive and I'm not in college. I do have a high school diploma, but I did very poorly in high school which doesn't look very appealing to colleges. I have interests in a few different fields but I'm not even sure what I want to spend the rest of my life doing. But even then, I don't know how I would pay for and get to college so I've dropped off into depression and self-loathing for a couple years after high school.
  
 I worked in retail for over a year since then. I've quit two good jobs I loved because of poor management at one, and the other job I had a manager was bullying me and making it unbearable. I've been out of work for 2 months now and it's taken a toll on me, I still live with my mother and she honestly hates me since I've just become a depressed girl who sits in her room all day and plays video games. I've been trying to find a new job, I got hired at two different places in the past month and I ended up quitting both. I've never gone through jobs so quickly, but it makes me feel like an idiot. I am an idiot, actually.
  
 I broke up with my boyfriend who came into my life when I was at one of my better jobs. He wanted the best for me, but I feel like I cannot fully give someone the love and attention they deserve if I am this depressed about myself. Truly, I do want to improve myself. But I don't want to bring anyone down with me either. I still feel bad about this, however. I've also cut off from close friends, I miss them dearly and now I don't really have a lot of close friends anymore.
  
 I've acknowledged that my mental health leaves something to be desired. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety, PTSD, and BPD. At the age of 18, I tried to seek out a therapy program that was paid for by the high school I was going to. I was able to go to some appointments but my mother found out. I have always wanted to move out since my mother is very emotionally and mentally abusive. I do not have a father or any other family that would have taken me, and I live in a city where a one bedroom apartment is $1.3k a month.
  
 I feel very trapped, and I no longer want to feel trapped. I want to change everything in my life but I don't know how, I don't want to keep falling into these depressive slumps. I am wasting my life away, I fear wasting more and more of my life doing nothing. I just don't know where to start with any of this, I don't want to get used to this type of life.
  
 Advice for any plans of action is highly appreciated. Thank you ♥"
"I'm 22 years old, between the ages of 16 to now I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, ocd, ADHD, schizoaffective disorder, and GAD.
 I went to therapy for two years which did not help so to help cope with all this my doctor gave me Wellbutrin....needless to say it's not doing much.
 I'm currently in finals and have a major paper due tomorrow I haven't started. I had to stop myself from jumping off an overpass today. I have pushed away all my friends and am battling an inner chaos that worsens everyday. I am almost 99% sure I have been misdiagnosed.
 I have no one to talk to so I came to Reddit to vent. My parents don't take me seriously and think I'm attention seeking.
 How do you motivate yourself go keep going?"
"I'm 22, and have been the psych ward five times in four years. I've been diagnosed with major depression, bulimia, borderline personality disorder, and a cannabis abuser. AMA.  Close  10  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  I'm 22, and have been the psych ward five times in four years. I've been diagnosed with major depression, bulimia, borderline personality disorder, and a cannabis abuser. AMA.  My last hospital was October 8th, 2012 for attempting suicide three separate times. I've attempted suicide six times now. I'm also willing to listen to your stories and give advice. Remember, you are not alone.
 EDIT: It's two in the morning my time, so I may not reply to any questions for several hours."
"I'm 30 and still live at home, need advice  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm 30 and still live at home, need advice  I don't want to whine but I suppose I just wanted to hear others stories and figure out the best way to start my life anew.
 To make long story short, I am still suffering from the most severe form of OCD I've had in my life. I have a contamination OCD fear that was worsened living with my dad these last few months. My father is getting old and he is not very good at managing a house. My mom passed away 8 months ago and it's taken a toll on all of us. The house is a mess and no matter how much I try to keep it organized and clean, my dad manages to still make it a mess which further exacerbates my OCD (i.e. he leaves food to rot, leaves the stove on and burns pans, leaves wet moldy clothes in his room...)
 I have been unemployed for the better part of the last year. I was in graduate school but I had to take a leave of absence due to my mom's illness and my own mental health issues. But now I don't even think I can go back to school. I am too messed up. It's difficult because ever since my mom passed away I've become more extremely isolated to the outside world. I didn't use to be like this. I had my OCD contamination fears before but I still led a somewhat normal life under meds and regular therapy. But for the past 5 months (check my post history), I've been housebound, afraid to even leave my room at times.
 I have received therapy. I've been diagnosed with majore depressive disorder, anxiety and OCD. I was on prozac but my psychiatrist wants me to get on Luvox instead. I received my new prescription today. A few months ago I found a specialized OCD therapist that I had twice-weekly sessions with online (distance issue). It was expensive but it was worth it. But I decided to end the sessions because it was getting too expensive and because she had already taught me the tools she wanted me to learn. She told me that our sessions wouldn't work anymore if I didn't attempt to lead my normal life again and confront my fears of going outside. This was in early March. I literally spent a whole month without ever leaving the house, not even to get fresh air. But around April, something just snapped and I forced myself to get out of the house and go to the store. It's been a slow journey but it's still difficult. I've slowly been going out more, trying to do things that were once normal for me.
 However, my relationship with my dad is getting worse. He told me he doesn't want me at the house anymore. He's very religious and he doesn't really believe that I have a mental health issue but rather a spiritual issue. He pretty much is kicking me out of the house at this point, so pretty much I have to leave. He said he will still support me but he doesn't want me around him anymore.
 So I wanted to get any advice or words of encouragement. I need to leave but i'm still scared of getting triggered outside. I'm starting my new medication. I have a car and cash at hand, what is the best way to go about it. I live in central California but I previously lived and worked in LA so I'm planning on going there for a while to get back on my feet.
 TL;DR: I just turned 30, was housebound the last few months due to OCD and Depression. I live with my dad but he wants me to leave. Any advice or stories about confronting the world after being isolated is greatly appreciated
 Thank you for listening."
"I'm a lover of fantasy and science fiction, but ever since depression took a toll on my life I haven't been reading much. I want to break that cycle... What are some recent fantasy or science fiction books that have engaged you?  Close  192  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm a lover of fantasy and science fiction, but ever since depression took a toll on my life I haven't been reading much. I want to break that cycle... What are some recent fantasy or science fiction books that have engaged you?  I have always been an avid reader, but lately (the past few years) I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety disorders. My reading grinded to a halt when depression hit. I want to get back to reading so very much, but I don't know where to start. I'm still in a bad place, but I want to get better.. and I think reading will help with that.
 I'd love suggestions about fantasy, science fiction, nonfiction science, or anything really.
 Thanks :)"
"I'm a pregnant teacher with no savings and I'm about to quit my job. Not sure what to do.  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm a pregnant teacher with no savings and I'm about to quit my job. Not sure what to do.  Hi all. I need help. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and OCD. I, also, have a lot of anxiety.
 The pregnancy has only made these issues worse, as I've had to stop taking my medications until I can see a psychiatrist that specializes in perinatal psychiatry, or at least one who is willing to treat pregnant women.
 My mental health sucks and it is only made worse by the fact that this is my first year teaching and the job is an incredible amount of work both during the work day, after, and on weekends. I'm a special education teacher with a caseload of 22 and no paraprofessional to speak of. I feel I am really failing at my job, because frankly, I'm exhausted all the time (from pregnancy and mental health) and will admit that I'm not really doing my best work. It seems unfair to my students to continue on in this position when I'm obviously unable to give them what they need to make progress at this point.
 There are a few problems:
 When you quit a teaching job midyear in my state, you have the potential of having your license revoked. That would mean I have a useless education degree that I cannot use.
 I have no savings. No money to fall back on. No rich relatives. My husband works part time at Burger King. He's currently in school trying to earn his own degree.
 The disappointment of my family and our friends is too much for me to really think about. Not to mention my district administration and fellow school staff.
 The likelihood of finding another job in my condition is low...
 All that being said, I'm really caught between a rock and a hard place and I'm unsure of what to do. I feel continuing in this position is not healthy for me, baby, or for my students who need someone competent enough to do the job. But, I'm, also, in need of a source of income and don't want to ruin my career.
 Any advice? Encouragement? Anything?
 I know it's a hopeless situation."
I'm a survivor, a fighter, and a big heart. I'm diagnosed with Major Depression (recurrent), ADHD inattentive type, GERD, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and Sleep Apnea. Yet, these don't define who I am. I joined The Mighty to serve as an advocate bringing strength to those who are wary; comfort and direction to those who feel lost; and above all, “…shine a light on the beautiful moments — even the fast, almost invisible ones — that happen when people face challenges.”
I'm a teen with severe depression and anxiety, ask me anything  Close  1  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  I'm a teen with severe depression and anxiety, ask me anything  I'm 18 years old and I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder Severe recurrent. I'm on medication and I've been to a mental hospital.
"I'm an impostor.  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm an impostor.  Depression and anxiety run in my family, and I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I used to go to weekly therapy sessions and I have been taking antidepressants since I was about eight years old. The only thing is, I feel like I'm lying to myself. That I'm subconsciously acting this way for attention. My parents aren't abusive and they don't neglect me, but I still feel like I need them to give me the spotlight. It's gotten to the point where I've been skipping out on my daily antidepressants to see if I really need them. I've been overreacting to bad situations, being overwhelmed by emotion at the slightest inconvenience. I feel like I'm just weighing everyone down by feeling this way, and I am currently considering suicide just to make people's lives easier. To be honest, the only reason I haven't offed myself yet is because my girlfriend may have depression, and if I die, she may follow in my footsteps.
 I know I most likely don't have depression. Most of the time, I'm happy and smiling. Every day I can laugh at a good joke or enjoy a video game with a friend. I'm probably just very pessimistic and emotional. I've been tearing myself apart over the past few weeks, emotionally and physically. I need someone to help me, but I'm to scared to ask for it."
"I'm ashamed of my mental illness  Remorse  Close  37  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm ashamed of my mental illness  Remorse  I'm only 16. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and an anxiety disorder but my therapist and I think I don't actually have that and I just have borderline personality disorder. No medications have ever helped me. I recently had to write a speech for my composition class and my teacher suggested I write about my problems. She knows because I'm on a 504, all my teachers see. I was hesitant but I did. It just made me feel worse because I feel whiney and like a special snowflake even though I'm legitimately suicidal and diagnosed.
 I'm ashamed of myself and my problems. My parents are constantly disappointed in me and even my boyfriend and friends get frustrated with me all the time because I'm so stubborn and hard to deal with. Everything seems so hopeless and the only thing that helps anymore is sex and weed. But when I come off a high I just feel worse than before. I'm thinking I should just die. I'm so ashamed. I'm so sorry to everyone in my life."
"I'm at a breaking point. I'm failing school, I'll never get a girlfriend, I'm never going to be successful. What does it matter in the end though? Humanity is fucked. We're going to hit peak oil soon, there's a growing threat of nuclear war, terrorism is on the rise, sunspots are getting worse. Everything is going pell-mell. I don't want to kill myself. I love my friends. But it seems like the only way. I just want all of this stress and worry to go away.
 Just thought I ought to add, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression. Possibly severe clinical depression. Oh and  this  is my philosophy on life. I'm starting to think it's not possible. If I can't just swing it away, is it worth living?
 EDIT: OK, I won't kill myself. It's still in my head, but I won't plan anything. Thanks guys. I might post an update in a while."
I'm back  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm back  So I haven't posted on here for a while. The delusions and hallucinations are gone-- now I'm onto the trillionth wave: Paranoia! I feel like people I know are tuning into my brain and they are able to see what I'm doing, and it feels like there's cameras in my house and they can see through those. It makes me so fucking anxious!!! I spent 10 minutes looking for chips because they were watching me and judging me (not auditory hallucinations, just inner voices / thoughts) so I had to choose the one with least calories and I was so fucking nervous to open the bag of chips because they were going to judge me even more if I opened it, so I had to act like I didn't want the chips so I wouldn't look bad and so they wouldn't judge me as harshly. I was eating cookies one day from my lunch bag, at the time I had no clue where they came from so I believed I was being poisoned and I started to panic because I had no clue where they came from (They obviously came from my dad). I've always had the feeling of being watched by people, as long as I've been in Pre-K, but lately it's been extremely distressing. It goes away at school but anywhere else, it'll hit. Maybe because I know they're at school with me and they can see me. I've been having more paranoia and and anxiety lately, why the hell is everything coming in waves? (Side note: I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and am currently being treated for that and paranoid delusions.) I finally have an appt. with my PDoc tomorrow, hopefully all goes well and we can figure out what's going on!
"I'm bored.  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I'm bored.  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for many years now.  I accept that diagnosis.  I've been taking a mix of bupropion and paroxetine which helps a lot.  But it's no cure.
 Whenever I get into the central issue with people (psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers, peer support specialists, friends, family) they always ask why I feel this way.  But I don't feel.  I haven't been through anything traumatic.  I'm not trying to escape anything.  I'm just not stimulated.  I want to do something, but everything I can imagine seems rather boring.
 I get that I'm ""depressed"", but I feel a much more accurate way of expressing it is, ""I'm bored.""
   I am really fucking bored  ."
"I'm certain I have PMDD  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I'm certain I have PMDD  First off, I'm very glad I found this sub as I now feel I'm not alone in what I go through every month.
 Every single time I am PMSing, I feel like I become a completely different person and I don't like who I become. I essentially ""fly off the handle"" and become enraged or extremely upset over miniscule issues.
 I first got my period when I was 12 and they were so heavy to the point where I was put on birth control for relief at 13. I'm 25 now and still on birth control. It seems to help my flow, but my hormones and emotions are still erratic.
 About 2-3 weeks leading up to my cycle, I feel like I become a lethargic, depressed, angry, highly emotional wreck. It is getting close to my cycle and today I'm lying in bed before work because I simply don't have the energy to do anything right now and I definitely don't want to be around anybody else. I tend to isolate and any small task might as well be a large, tedious one. I hate it.
 I feel awful for my boyfriend since I know I am unbearable to be around when I'm having a bad day. When we argue or fight, I explode and it's scary how angry I become. I've broken things, experienced suicidal thoughts, had panic attacks, long crying spells, etc. In addition to the emotional hell I experience, I also get severe headaches, backaches, neckaches and sometimes awful cramps. I've had to miss work because how awful I've felt and this has been occurring for as long as I can remember.
 I also want to disclose that I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder/generalized anxiety disorder and I am on medication for both ailments. However, they don't always seem to work when I'm nearing my cycle and I don't know what to do. Some months are worse than others and lately it feels like every month is bad. I don't like who I am when going through this hell with awful mood swings, crying spells, excessive sleepiness, insomnia, lack of drive/motivation and becoming a hermit.
 Ladies who suffer from PMDD, what do you do to decrease the awful symptoms? I am tired of feeling like complete shit every month.
 Thank you in advance. <3"
I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder AMA!  Close  5  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder AMA!  Backstory: I'm 17 years old and I am a female. My father onset it by accusing me of being sexual with other men on the internet and harassing me about his absolute belief in the fact that I was a slut. I got bullied a lot in school because I was an atheist in the bible belt of Georgia. I didn't play sports and my main hobby was video games. I got fucked with a lot and it messed me up to the point where today in any social situation I start freaking out and have a panic attack. Eventually, one day last year in December I decided that it wasn't worth it anymore. I planned on committing suicide but backed out last second. I was bed ridden, I experienced so much lethargy that getting out of bed was impossible. I can not describe how much I hated living, but was too scared to hurt myself or commit suicide. I just wished that I would die in my sleep, that someone would break into my house and kill me. The few times I got out of bed to go to the grocery store for food I wished that a car would hit me and kill me, or that I would lose control, crash and die. I told my mom how I felt and we saw a psychiatrist in the next week. I was diagnosed and put on medication. I'm still figuring out what exactly will help me but I am better. I got a new job and some new friends but i'm kind of falling out with them. I have panic attacks daily, some are worse than others. My depression is about a 6 most of the time. To the point where getting out of bed is hard but I can do it with some encouragement. Ask me anything.
I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, but this SCT thing sounds like the story of my life for the past couple years.  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, but this SCT thing sounds like the story of my life for the past couple years.  I'm diagnosed with MDD because I guess I ticked 5 of the boxes from the DSM symptoms, but I don't feel sad or hopeless and have no suicidal ideation. I talked with a psychiatrist and she put me on Zoloft. I tried suggesting some kind of ADHD oriented drug that would help with motivation and possibly clear up the brain fog, but she wouldn't listen. I'm not sad, anxious, hopeless, or suicidal. I'm just apathetic, slow, and have no motivation to do anything. Am I wrong in thinking SSRI's are the wrong choice here?
"I'm done  Close  18  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  I'm done  I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety since I was 13 (currently 17) and I can't deal with life anymore.
 My depression has taken a turn for the worst in the past months and I've started having suicidal thoughts again, and I think today may be the day I take action on them.
 When I was 15 I started doing xanax and grew a dependence for it. I went to rehab last summer and I was clean for seven months, I'm back on it and heavily I take four mg a day.
 My father was an alcoholic and would beat me when he was drunk, my mother divorced him when I was 14, and I have a restraining order on my own father. My mother is verbally abusive and doesn't care for me at all. I've always been bad at school but I really try my hardest but yet I'm still failing out of it, my sister is extremely intelligent and graduated with a 4.1 and my mom always compares me to her and calls me a disappointment and a failure.
 I have gender identity issues and it really bothers me. My family is extremely transphobic and if they ever knew that I want to transition they would disown me. I only have two people in my life that I would call friends but they live so far away from me so I can never hangout with them. My girlfriend lives across the country, I spent my spring break with her and it was the happiest I've ever been. But not being with her makes me feel even worse. My life just keeps getting worse and worse. I can't handle it anymore.
 Thank you for reading this, I wish all of you the best in your lives. You are all beautiful human beings, stay positive for me."
"I'm extremely distrusting of everyone around me  REQUESTING ADVICE  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  I'm extremely distrusting of everyone around me  REQUESTING ADVICE  Info about me: I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and I'm suspecting I might have some sort of anxiety disorder as well, but my therapist never diagnosed me so I don't think so.
 My problem: I feel that everyone I try to interact with or socialize with finds some way to lose my trust. A few years ago I was very forgiving in people and I feel like I hurt myself by being that way. Now I feel as though no matter how I act or what I do someone is going to hurt me, and I can't do anything about it.
 Today my new friend of 4 weeks completely forgot she was supposed to hang out with me and called me pushy when I was just trying to figure out when I was supposed to go to her house. I have now decided I don't want anything to do with her and I know that's wrong but I can't get the feeling out of my head that she's going to make me feel hurt again and I don't want to feel any more hurt than I already do.
 I already feel great distress from this because I have had a lot of people forget about me, abandon me, or stand me up in the past and I really dislike when this happens to me. I don't know if I'm protecting myself or shutting myself away from other people. I don't want friends but I do at the same time. I really want to socialize but I can't because everyone hurts me. I'm not sensitive either. This isn't an everyday thing, which Is why I hate it so much. If it was an everyday thing I almost feel like it would be easier to manage, but I get this gross feeling of ""security"" and ""safety"" only to have it ripped out from under me and blamed for how I feel or how I want to handle the situation.
 Please be nice to me. Thank you."
"I'm finding it hard to stop the urges.  Close  5  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  I'm finding it hard to stop the urges.  Hey again. I've written here once before, a while back. Anyway. I can't get rid of the urge to cut myself. I can go days without thinking about cutting myself and then I get times like right now, where I sit with my knife wanting to cut deeper and deeper. It's fucked up. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and I'm on pills and in therapy, but it so hard to... Hard to live. Hard to see anything beyond the darkness. And cutting myself makes it a bit easier. To turn the darkness a bit red, I guess. Sounds morbid. I guess it is. Anyway...
 And furthermore, I feel sort of hypocritical writing to other people in  r/depression  for example, trying to help them and support people, when I'm such a mess myself. And, yeah... I dunno. I just sort of wish I could... That I could be a good man. It's so hard though.
 I don't really know how to end this post so I'm just gonna stop typing, lest it be a wall of text."
"I'm friends with everybody, but Nobody's Best friend.  Close  7  Posted by  5 months ago  I'm friends with everybody, but Nobody's Best friend.  I really feel sad when I think about my group of friends. To be honest I have a lot. But I'm never really in the inner circle of friendship. I'm always that guy who has a lot of friends but doesn't really have anyone whom I'm really close with.
 When I went to school I had a lot of company. But when I got home. I always Remember how alone I was. I guess it's just what my life is intended to be be.
 Alone. Depressed and Hopeless. I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder. And it's very hard when you don't have anyone to talk to. My mind is consuming me every night. I can feel the loneliness and heartbreak.. Life is unfair."
I'm genuinely scared for my life  Articles/Information  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm genuinely scared for my life  Articles/Information  I've been diagnosed with major depression disorder and anxiety and put on a bunch of meds such as Prozac since March and the dosage is 60mg per day, currently. I haven't been able to continue seeing my shrink since July but that didn't stop me from continuing to take meds til this day. On top of that, and what's really alarming here, yesterday I had a meltdown, cried my eyes out, suicidal thoughts were intensely present and especially I wanted to cut to feel better. I used to cut in high school and even once in college but I stopped but the urge is always there. After yesterday's meltdown, I kept feeling down, crying obviously wasn't enough... I wanted to punch or do smth u know but I didn't "let myself" fearing of the precautions. Kinda woke up feeling like shit too UNTIL my pet scratched my hand and just when I saw the blood I felt surprisingly better. I always had my suspicions that I might have bpd. And I did mention this to my psychiatrist once in therapy but he said we can't tell yet. With this desire to cut and harm myself just to release my frustrations I really don't know what to think here especially because my therapist is far away(not in the same city as me) and he's not replying to my texts on facebook or any of my calls. Besides I'm extremely sick of the thought that my life is revolved around meds and sleeping basically, I barely eat sometimes. I feel like I've never felt this low and I'm afraid for my life.
"I'm going to kill myself.  Close  25  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  I'm going to kill myself.  Before anyone tries to advise me to ""Get help"", I've already gone down these routes. I'm currently on medication, been taking it for months now, seeing a therapist and a doctor. I'm tired of this. I'm stuck in a deep hole of depression and anxiety and cant dig myself out. So tonight, I'm giving up.
 Edit: So ,I'm still here. I guess I should give some background as to why I felt like I had reached the breaking point. I'm a 24 year old female for starters. At 18, I enlisted in the US military. I served 2 1/2 years before finding out I had an aneurysm that nearly killed me. During the surgery to have it fixed, I had a stroke. I'm now permanently disabled. Probably on the verge of alcoholism. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. I've tried several different doctors and meds, nothing has seemed to help so far. The worst part is the constant headache I've had since the surgery for the aneurysm. I just wish it would all go away sometimes."
"I'm just so tired of being sick...  Close  4  Posted by    2 years ago  Archived  I'm just so tired of being sick...  Sometime around the age of 10 I was diagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, I'm now 23 and still struggling with it. I don't have a good memory, the CFS being one of the reasons why, but as far back as I can remember I've been physically and mentally drained every single day to some extent.
 Sometime between being diagnosed with CFS and becoming a teenager I began to struggle with depression; from what I can remember it was mild at first, then moderate in my high school years and up until about the last year of my life currently it's been severe. I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, and in this last year I've had suicidal thoughts pretty much everyday...
 Other than CFS and MDD I also have issues with anxiety/panic as well as asthma and chronic back pain.. I've said before that most days I literally feel half dead/half alive, as if one foot is already stuck in my grave...
 In this past year I lost a long term relationship of just almost four years, and even though I tried my best to keep working despite my illnesses, over the course of about half a year I began staying home from work more and more, until about four months ago when I last worked...
 My girlfriend and I had bought a house together, but now it's on the way to foreclosure and will likely be auctioned off soon.. For about the past four months I've been living with my parents again. I am at least grateful that they've been caring for me still, though I believe to some extent my depression was caused or worsened by them. My father was/is an alcoholic, and my mother had issues with codependency.
 Last August I took myself to the emergency room to save myself, then I ended up being transferred to a behavioral health hospital for a few days... I think now I'm even more at risk of suicide, and I've been contemplating going back for longer.. I've never attempted, but I worry if I did I would think of a foolproof plan to make sure I don't fail; currently I think if I did decide to go through with it, I would drive somewhere fairly remote on a hot summer day, turn on my car's heater, and then take as many pills as I can..... I would just let my body bake as I overdose and slip away... My car will be repossessed soon, so in one way it's almost a good thing because I wouldn't be able to go through with this idea.
 I hate the fact that I even have suicidal thoughts. I think about how much it could negatively affect my loving family. I think about my numerous nieces and nephews, because I'm the only one out of my siblings who doesn't have their own kids. I even think about how my cats would probably miss me. But at times I'm so tired of being so chronically sick that suicide still seems like the only way out.
 For about the last year I've been on meds for my depression. Usually my psychiatrist has me on the highest dose, with the exception of switching medications. Currently I'm taking Cymbalta (90mg) as my main antidepressant along with Wellbutrin (450 mg) to augment it, and I'm also on Zyprexa (10mg) as a mood stabilizer.
 I probably should add that currently I'm not at an immediate risk of suicide, and if I do become a risk I'll take action by getting myself into a behavioral health hospital again. Anyway, if you've made it this far thanks for reading, I understand if you don't reply as a lot of the time it's just too hard to know what to say, either way thank you for taking the time to read what I've had to say today."
I'm losing my grip on reality  Close  11  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  I'm losing my grip on reality  Before I begin, I have to first explain a few things about myself. I grew up in a strict Christian household and was pretty isolated for my first eighteen years of life. My dad was very emotionally abusive but never beat me aside from the occasional spanking. After two and a half years of college and three suicide attempts, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder with psychotic features (because of these hallucinations) and ADD. I spent some time in a mental hospital after my last suicide attempt and when I told the doctors what I'm about to tell you now, it confused them a bit and they said it doesn't make sense that I would have such vivid hallucinations as I don't exhibit any other symptoms of being schizophrenic or psychotic. My current therapist is of no help. She is a Christian and she believes that my visions are real and that I'm just sensitive to the world of demons and angels. I'm not so quick to believe her. I'm looking for a different therapist as I type this. I really need help. I'm losing my grip on reality. I need to know if there was a possible misdiagnosis, if my medication is doing this, if I'm just throwing myself into a panic over nothing, or if I really am seeing spirits. The earliest hallucinations I remember having were when I was in elementary school. At night I would regularly see thousands of tarantulas slowly crawling up the walls of my bedroom. Sometimes there were fewer that disappeared when I looked directly at them, then reappeared in my peripheral vision, and sometimes they would just sit there and do nothing. I wasn't always scared of these tarantulas, but ever curious as to whether I was imagining them or not. Another time I remember riding in the backseat of my mom's car on the way home from school. I was in the fourth grade and thinking about space for some reason, when everything around me suddenly fell away and I lost almost all sense of my physical self. I had a vision of space and I felt as though I had become a star. When I was eighteen, the summer before I left for college, I had to take care of my grandpa at his house 24/7 because of his dementia and my parents couldn't afford a nurse. I was watching TV in my room one night, with a baby monitor on so I could hear my grandpa and make sure he didn't fall out of bed, when suddenly I get this intense pressure in my chest as if I was being sat on. At first I thought it was just because of how I was laying on the bed, but when I got up the pressure just increased. It didn't feel like it was coming from inside me as cramps usually do, but outside. It was then, for no apparent reason, that I experienced my first panic attack. I felt very paranoid and was sure I was being watched. I had a hard time sleeping that night. The next night the same thing happened, but this time my locked door began to shake as though someone had grabbed it by the sides and shook it up and down. I thought it was my grandpa at first and called out his name, but he wouldn't respond. He tends to drag his feet when he walks so it isn't really hard to hear his socks or slippers scraping against the tile floor. I heard nothing. I felt a whoosh come in through the closed door and the feeling of paranoia and fear of being watched increased. I kept telling myself that I was just making myself anxious for no reason and that there were no demons because Jesus was protecting me. (I was still a Christian at the time) The feelings increased as I rolled on to my right side. I closed my eyes and focused on trying to calm myself down, when an image involuntarily surfaced into my head of a large dark figure: broad shoulders, round shape as though it were covered in a cloak of some sort, long horns curving upward, and a human skull for a face. This creature stood about eight feet tall and was very blurry and mostly black, the only detail I was really sure of was its white skull face. I prayed and began reading my Bible out loud, and as I did the sound of claws scraping against the tile came from where I felt the entity was standing. I tried reading aloud some more, but when I tried I heard a loud snake hiss from all directions. We didn't have snakes in our city. The third night was the weirdest. I had managed to push those negative feelings away the previous night and had fallen asleep. It was around midnight or 1am, and I had to get up and use the hall bathroom. The house was very dark, and as soon as I stepped out of my room those feelings returned, much more powerful than before. I looked into the dark hallway and could almost make out several dark, round figures with beady little eyes trying to fit through the hallway to get a good look at me. I don't know if I imagined it or not. I felt better after shouting some Bible verses at them. I went into the bathroom and brushed my teeth, and happened to look over at a window above the bathtub. Now, from where this window is positioned outside, there would be no way to look into it because there is a pipe that runs right in front of it. Not to mention it's a small window that's about seven feet away from the ground. What I saw confuses me to this day. I clearly, very clearly saw a white face looking at me through the window. The face was unnaturally wide, with huge black sockets where its eyes should have been, and a wide black smile that reached from ear to ear. It almost looked like a cartoon. I closed the shower curtain and ran back to my room. I heard my grandpa crying through the baby monitor. The way he was wailing told me he was still asleep, as he's been known to talk in his sleep sometimes. I didn't think anything of it until the cries got worse, to the point he was almost screaming. I couldn't wake him up and I was very scared, so I called my mother over. Things seemed to calm down a bit when she came, and she was able to wake my grandpa up. He was very upset and kept saying "there's someone in the house!" over and over again. She eventually got him back to sleep and came over to comfort me. I was still very tense but I was able to sleep that night. I have many other stories similar to these, I just don't have the time to write them all right now. I will continue to post them when I find the time. But seriously, if anyone has any kind of idea of what might be going on, please help me. Thank you.
"I'm not a native speaker so my English may become broken at some point. I'll try my best to make my words make sense.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and am taking the medication. The medicine is pretty helpful for the most of the time tbh, but sometimes I still experience various kinds of symptoms that come out of nowhere.
 So last night I went to the bathroom. I was feeling pretty good at first but, I don't know why, after saw myself in the mirror, I started to tell myself that ""look what kind of garbage I am"". And suddenly, I stated to cry and thought about suicide again.  You know, all those symptoms are extremely hard to control.  I know the words I told myself doesn't make any sense at all, and I also tried to use the method that my MHC taught me to ease the symptoms. However, it just doen't work.
 It was really frustrating."
"I'm not really depressed but I don't know what's wrong with me  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm not really depressed but I don't know what's wrong with me  Well actually I am diagnosed with Major Depression but it doesn't feel like it anymore. My mood is stable, I have enough energy for daily exercise/work, my social life is great and so on.
 What bothers me is that I don't really enjoy anything. Not in a sad way, but as a neutral lack of pleasure. I have no interests. I don't enjoy watching TV shows/movies, playing videogames and all the other ""fun"" stuff. Literally  nothing .
 I've already tried antidepressants, ADHD medications and all sorts of drugs. All the traditional methods against this (eating well, meditating, therapy,...). Nothing helps. At this point I'm just confused."
"I'm not sure exactly what I have. Help?  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm not sure exactly what I have. Help?  I was emotionally abused by my step-dad all my life. I can't remember anything before I was about 9, my mom is pretty sure I got sexually assaulted when I was living with relatives. Anyways, to escape from feeling lonely and unworthy (again, the emotional abuse) I used to slip into fantasies. I would be in my own little world talking to made up characters. I always saw the world as a dream. Foggy around the edges, unsure of what was real.
 My step dad hated being talked back on, so my anger turned into internalize self hatred, and led to self harm. I would shake, rock back and forth and sort of shut off/let someone or something braver take over. I would  tw:self harm  cut my thighs and feel the blood run and laugh. It was traumatic and when I would snap out of it, I would sob uncontrollably. I've been diagnosed with major depression, anxiety and with minor disassociative disorder but I'm not sure if that's what this is. I know I'm rambling, but it's hard to explain. I used to think I had a demon inside of me.
 This other self comes out during panic attacks, extreme anxiety or randomly for seeming no reason (if there is, I usually can't find it) and I feel a moment of clarity and then the anxious feelings receed and I feel confident, and angry but I don't really feel it? It's like I'm feeling second hand emotions and I'm not really there.
 Sometimes I say fucked up shit, or just laugh uncontrollably but it always leads to me wanting to hurt myself.
 Before anyone asks, I am on anti-depressants but I'm just confused. I want to know if what I'm feeling has been felt by others?"
"I'm not sure where to post this. I am extremely depressed, and have been for 2 months.  Close  1  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  I'm not sure where to post this. I am extremely depressed, and have been for 2 months.  This is my first time posting in this subreddit. I have read the rules, and I think I understand what is/what isn't allowed here. But please let me know if I've broken any rules.
 For the past two months, I have been depressed and thinking about suicide on and off. I am 21 years old. It started with an argument with my mom, and ever since then, I haven't been able to get back on track. I literally feel like I have a hole in my heart. I cry for no reason. I just feel like I don't want to be here anymore. I can't explain this to anyone who doesn't understand depression. They don't understand.
 I have been through some physical and emotional abuse as a child. My father was abusive, and my mother failed to protect us. I was also bullied as a child at school because I was quiet (kids always pick on the quiet kids). I feel exhausted, tired, and drained. I feel like I am just done with everything.
 I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder. And so I'm fully aware that there are some things in my brain that may not be working properly. However, I'm having a hard time figuring out what is real and what's not real. Is this really my depression? Is my depression making me feel this way, or do I just feel this way for real?
 I'm not really sure what my goal in posting this is. I just need someone to talk to. If things get really bad tonight, then I will call the suicide hotline. But I wanted to try and post in this subreddit first because I hate talking to people on the phone. Thank you to anyone who has read this."
I'm now finally really a part of Reddit.  Serious    spoiler  Close  7  Posted by    15    28 days ago  I'm now finally really a part of Reddit.  Serious    spoiler  Because I have been diagnosed with major depression.
"I'm now on my 10th month of taking antidepressants and taking therapy  Progression  Close  6  Posted by  11 days ago  I'm now on my 10th month of taking antidepressants and taking therapy  Progression  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder last year on July. I'm now on my 10th month of taking my medication and attending therapy ( though it's been temporarily halted due to the pandemic ). I've been depressed since I was 10, I'm now 19 and turning 20 this May.
 I'm finally getting better. I'm looking at everything in a positive way now. I'm finally begining to be truly happy again. I'm leaving all my struggles and failures behind to start over again."
"I'm planning on going to community college and then to a state college.  Should I get a job too to try to support them?
 I am diagnosed with clinical depression.  Should I apply for disability and try to help them?  I don't know a lot about SSI, but I couldn't then go to college and try to find a job right?
 This is going to affect our lives a lot.
 I don't know what to do..."
"I'm pushing 30 and I still don't know what to do with my life  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm pushing 30 and I still don't know what to do with my life  Starting off by saying, I'm sorry for this being so long and rambling. I don't really know what I'm looking for here, I just feel like I have to get this out.
  
 Mainly due to my own naivety, stubbornness, and stupidity, I've been through a ton of terrible things over the past decade or so. Growing up, my education and home life were also never stable; one of my therapists once described what my parents did perfectly, ""it's like they're playing ping pong with your life"". I wanted to be homeschooled to graduate early and get out of the crap situation that was my home life(I hoped to get a scholarship to a school I liked and find a way to support myself), and I was bullied in school, so I wanted to be homeschooled. It was the easiest way for me to skip grades if I wanted, and I breezed through 2 in everything but math.
  
 My dad was adamant that I go to public school to socialize. At the time, I didn't understand because I was even outcasted from ""outcast"" groups at every school I went to, so making friends seemed impossible, I've always been quiet, and I thought of school only as a place to learn. I get it now, but I fought back hard because graduating early to get out and ensure financial independence by the time I was 18-20 was my only plan. My mom was ok with me being homeschooled, so the two of them would go back and forth and pull me in and out of homeschooling, private school, and public school, from 2nd grade until I was 16(I was technically in 10th grade, but doing some very low level work- I actually don't know how my mom swung that I had completed 6th-9th grade, because I began struggling with major depression and math, and when I'd ask for help she would just tell me to just not do my work. In the meantime, she was helping my step-sister with math when she was going through the same, so this stung pretty badly).
  
 At 16, I had a nervous breakdown from all of the stress and my eating disorder, and I ended up dropping out. My plan was to get my GED, then apply for college. Otherwise, I was told that because of how far behind I was, I wouldn't graduate until I was 21. I got a retail job at 18, got my GED at 19, met some really nice, and some not so nice people, and got into a relationship that was very unhealthy, and down everything went again from there.
  
 It's nearly a decade later. I've been diagnosed with major depression and PTSD by multiple doctors, have lots of health problems, major fatigue that no amount of sleep cures, have had 3-4 more breakdowns, and am nearly constantly suicidal or at least apathetic. Currently, I'm living with my SO. He has supported me for the past few years while he finished up his bachelor's degree and moved us out. I feel guilty. I hate when he pays for my meals, I hate when he pays for my meds, I hate that he puts gas in my car-a car that was given to me, that i didn't earn, I hate that I can't care for myself. Every job I've gotten since that first full time retail job has put me on overload. I can't sleep at night, or I sleep too long, I have several anxiety attacks a day, I'm afraid to leave my house unaccompanied. I hate what I am, I don't know how to change. I have been to several therapists in the past, 2 changed location, 1 I didn't like, and the one i did like ghosted me(she mentioned multiple times that she thought i was ""resistant"", which I have no clue what she meant by that because I genuinely wanted to be there and put my all into it).
  
 In 2017, my SO got a job and we moved again. I started gaining some strength and decided I wanted to apply for college again(I had been to college in 2011 and 2012, sporadically, taking mainly pre-reqs- I did not know I had the conditions I have been diagnosed with, and completely untreated, I did very poorly in school). Then something terrible that I don't want to mention happened. I felt like my whole world fell apart, again. I attempted suicide and my SO ended up coming home early that day. I was then in inpatient care for a week or two. I was told I'd be set up with a therapist. I went to the office, had my intake(explaining everything which was exhausting), and then set up an appt for 3 weeks to meet with the therapist. I went in and was told that the therapist hadn't worked there for months. Lol so, I did intake again, for some reason, and was told I'd get a call when someone became available. I never got a call and at the time I decided that was just ""fate"", and i should try suicide again.
  
 Last year, I decided that I wanted to make things better, and work with kids. I had had a bad childhood and felt like only one person was there for me: my kindergarten teacher. I guess I sort of wanted to pay it back. Also, working with kids is all encompassing; it works very well with my PTSD. If I'd encounter a trigger, I had little toddlers everywhere seemingly trying to destroy themselves, so sinking into my mind was easier to avoid, at least at work.
  
 Because I hardly spent any time around people throughout my life, and kids are always sick, I got very sick. When I get sick, my mental health seems to get worse. At work, I felt like I was being taken advantage of. Then I found out my agency had lied to me about my hours(I made my availability very low to ensure reliability on my part). I asked my boss about it and she said I'd just have to deal with it for 3 months, so I quit. This made me fall into a deeper depression, and all I wanted was to just die.
  
 Months later, I found a very promising job with perfect hours. My boss ended up not training me, the program wasn't working for the children(this was a tutoring service), my 2-3 year olds were clearly too young to work with our curriculum, I was then switched to all of our difficult students(ones that wouldn't bring in HW, parents rushed them out, they wouldn't sit and do their work--partly because it was not developmentally appropriate, kids that would harm other students or disrupt others,etc). I felt overwhelmed, and then my boss piled additional responsibilities on me and would reprimand me for not knowing how to do things(I hadn't been trained because not so surprisingly, I was a replacement for someone who left abruptly-I was told that she moved).  I asked her for training, and she would have me wait after hours. She would leave before I knew it, completely forgetting. I got ahold of her one time and she discussed a few things with me, but they were very different from what my co-worker had then told me to do the next day(she would also reprimand me, from not pronouncing names correctly to not knowing how to do things that I had apparently been taught to do wrong or misunderstood).
  
 It was exhausting. I would cry every day when I got home, so my SO begged me to quit. I do like working with kids, but there are some things that concern me(parents are a big one), and I'm unsure if I should pursue a degree teaching children. I was so set on it that I had applied for school again, but then decided against it because I got scared.
  
 In reality, I am good at music, art, caring for others, and crafting. Working with small children seemed like a great practical application for those things. But now I don't know, and I feel awful. My whole life, I really wanted to be in a band or paint, but my mom wouldn't even buy me food or take me to the doctor(my grandparents took care of necessities for me), painting supplies were out of the question.  
 My dad got me some things for guitar, and was highly supportive and over the top towards my singing, but I was shy and it actually upset me that someone supported one-half because he was also abusive at times and I didnt want to feel in debt to him or something if he helped me. I wanted to earn it on my own, but when I was a kid it was harder to find info on everything and anything online, and I wasn't allowed out of the house, so I had no idea how to do a lot of the things I wanted to do. He also was less supportive of my brother who was majorly talented at guitar and was always singing and doing lead guitar for a band, and I didnt want him to resent me(even though my dad was abusive towards me, my brothers and mom weren't there to see, and would always talk badly about me for being ""the favorite"". This was then their excuse for treating me poorly, so I got it from all ways).
  
 That was my dream, but I'm older now, and female, and I don't think the current music industry would like my style anyway. Singing was the only thing that I loved, that helped the anxiety in my abdomen, that made me feel confident, and I just don't see any way at my age that I could make it work anymore. Additionally, I have ugly teeth and have always been concerned about even talking or laughing without covering my teeth, and a few years ago I was desperate to have my own money, and to my embarrassment I sold some explicit stuff to someone. I unfortunately showed my face in 2, because I got more money for them.  Tbh, if I were good looking I wouldn't even care as much but I look awful and I'm majorly embarrassed.
  
 I just don't know what to do now. I had entertained the idea of studying Spanish and education and becoming a high school Spanish teacher, though those types of teaching jobs have less security. The idea of teaching appeals to me because I do enjoy teaching, I enjoy language, and I would have time during the year that I could switch things up and maybe work on an Etsy shop or my music or something.
  
 I just can't decide and I feel like the longer I wait and the longer I leave myself untreated, the more time I will lose, the more guilt i will have towards my lost time and having my SO support me. It's very depressing to me. I also find that I am easily deflated; I changed my GP a year ago, because my old GP was pressuring me to ""break up with my bf, go out and be independent, then find a man,quit my job,and raise kids"". That made no sense to me. I love my SO, don't want kids, and when I gain independence, I'm never letting go. I told her these things and she just pressed on every time I saw her. I changed my GP and then started fearing seeing someone new, and at times I just wanted to die, so I held off. Last week I finally made the call to be seen for depression, and he was no longer accepting new patients.
  
 Intellectually, I understand how easy it is to just call and find someone new. But I feel like I have this mental block. I don't know quite how to motivate myself when I feel this low. I don't know how like I am, I even expect myself to be able to hold a regular job, be a functional human, and ever be independent. I'm afraid of making a mistake, and then owing thousands of dollars that I can't repay. I assume most people who consider college go through this.
  
 Idk what the point of this is. I guess it's really just an ""off my chest"" thing. I don't have anyone I feel comfortable talking to IRL besides my SO, who is totally fine with me crafting, painting, or doing whatever, as long as I'm happy. I'm happy to have the support, but, it's independence that I want. I want to feel equal, I want to be able to care for myself, I don't want to ask for things that I need, I don't want to be the way I am. ""Just do it"" is a usual response I've received online, but, it's truly not that easy for everyone. There are a lot of mental things in the way that I don't know how to control or deal with, I don't trust myself to make good decisions or to be reliable anymore."
I'm rreeeeeeeaaaaaaaallllyyyy tempted to stop my meds  Close  10  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  I'm rreeeeeeeaaaaaaaallllyyyy tempted to stop my meds  Ever since my first and only psychotic episode a few months ago, I've just been in this weird sort of limbo state. I don't know what I believe about anything. I'm not talking things like politics or religion, I mean I don't know what I believe about the ground I stand on. I don't really have a lot of psychotic symptoms. Rare and mild delusions, and rare and mild voices. But I'm bored out of my skull, have no motivation to do anything, and feel sedated. Honestly, I don't feel like I've got anything to lose. That's not to say I'm miserable, but I just feel like everything's a void right now, and the meds keep me from filling it. I built an entire world and it tumbled down at the climax of my episode, and the meds won't let me make another. It feels like antipsychotics aren't a real solution, and it's just putting duct tape over the wound with no regard at all for quality of life. If I was really going to get 100% better, I'd need to be able to believe in something anyway, that something would just have to be reality. As it is currently, I can't believe in reality any more than I can believe something crazy. My head's just empty.   Anyway, I've got a question about this. If a high functioning fellow like myself stops meds, does all hell really break loose? I mean, I never heard voices except in bed. I'm not even actually diagnosed with a psychotic illness. I'm diagnosed with major depression but I haven't even felt depressed for two years. The way I see it, I could stop my meds and my life would just get a little bit better. I'd start hearing some voices in the day eventually maybe, and they wouldn't be anything bad. If they did get bad, I could start taking meds again. I don't know, just please let me know what you think. And do think about it before just saying "stay on your meds dude."
"I'm scared to take medication  Close  2  Posted by  3 months ago  I'm scared to take medication  I've been diagnosed with major depression for a while now. I left university because I'm too low functioning. I've had the option to try meds for years but I always turned them down until now.
 I've been feeling really suicidal for the past few weeks and therapy isn't helping. Today my doctor prescribed me with Zoloft and I picked up my first bottle of pills.
 I want to get better but I can't stop doubting myself. I actually had a pretty decent day today without any help and it's moments like these that make me question whether or not meds are too extreme.
 Maybe I don't need them after all? Maybe I wasn't even depressed to begin with? I'm scared to mess with my brain chemistry. What about the side effects? I don't want to gain weight. What if I damage my brain?
 I don't know what to do. I'm such a pussy. I'd really appreciate if anyone could share their experiences with medication."
Im so lonely...  Remorse  Close  35  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Im so lonely...  Remorse  Im so lonely, that I've made up an entire life of imaginary people to help me feel less lonely. I live alone, so i pretend that i have a boyfriend whom i greet every day when i get home, pretend to have dinner and conversations with him, and even talk to him at night... i pretend my stuffed animal is him. I also pretend to have a dog, Jerry Lee. I even bought a water bowl for him... I'm 24, i have no friends and I'm pretty sure that I'm going to just end it all this weekend. Yes i go to therapy, and she says I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder and severe anxiety disorder, and she seems to think i dont have schizophrenia. Im so lonely and lost, i dont want to go on anymore... Thanks for reading reddit. [Remorse]
"I'm tired of being a miserable POS...  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm tired of being a miserable POS...  I have class today but I'm skipping it. I'm feeling so depressed. I just don't have the strength or motivation to push myself into going. Usually I just have anxiety that, while difficult to push through, is possible to get through, but if you slap depression on top of that it's like trying to drag myself up a muddy hill on my belly with concrete shoes on. I just can't do it.
 I just have a hard time figuring out where the line is between me just being a lazy piece of shit, or actually have a mental health issue.  I know I've been diagnosed with major depression, but it doesn't stop me from beating myself up for not going to class, or to work, or whatever.
 I don't have any friends to hang out with or talk to. I just feel like absolute shit. Like I'll never amount to anything, so why bother? Everything is so much harder when you have anxiety. You have to put in three times as much effort as a ""normal"" person, and if you have depression on top of that, forget it. It's like trying to breathe underwater sometimes.
 The only woman I'll ever love left me about a year ago, and I'm still trying to pick up the pieces. We were engaged. It was the first time I could see myself growing old with someone. Having kids. Now I see other couples with babies and it makes me feel like I'm missing out. I have this weird yearning to have that. I was never like this before. I HATED the idea of having kids, or getting married. Never would have even entertained the thought. But she changed that about me.
 I'm just rambling here. I don't know what I'm trying to accomplish. All I know is that I feel like shit soup, and I have this feeling deep down like I need to reach out, to ask for help. But i don't know how. I don't know how to fix myself. I feel like I'm too broken for anyone to ever love. I feel like I'm too far off track to finish the race now. You know how when you mess up an account somewhere and you just make a new one to start over? I wish I could do that. I've been dealing with depression, anxiety, PTSD, OCD, fucking you name it, all my life. I think about what my life would be like without all of that. What it would be like to actually enjoy a weekend without having panic attacks days before I actually have to do anything. What it would be like to not be afraid of every little move I make or thought I have. To love myself and to not have to feel like I need to hide from the world.
 Here I am though, beating myself up because I feel like I need a day for self-care. To just sit in misery and allow myself to feel it instead of putting on a goddamn mask and pretending like I'm just like everyone else, like I'm okay. I'm not, and I'm so tired of pretending. It's exhausting work. And when I'm depressed, it's damn near impossible. So I don't go anywhere, but then I hate myself even more. I can't win.
 I feel like if I had a proper support group, if I had friends, then things wouldn't be as hard. But I don't have any friends, and I won't make any if I keep skipping class. But I can't go to class because I have no motivation. I have no motivation because I'm depressed. And part of the reason I'm depressed is because I don't have friends. See where I'm going with this?
 I don't know, I'm not looking for advice. I know, believe me. ""Push yourself to get out there and you'll make friends."" ""Have you tried medication? Have you tried therapy?"" ""Exercise helps. Maybe you should eat better?"" I've heard and tried it all, believe me. I think I just wanted to get it all out, you know? Maybe someone, somewhere, somehow can benefit from this post. It felt good to get it out. Thanks for listening, if you made it this far."
"I'm tired of living. And on top of it, I work in a mental health facility.  Close  3  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  I'm tired of living. And on top of it, I work in a mental health facility.  I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, panic disorder, and borderline personality disorder. I am 21 years old. I work in a mental health facility, and for that reason, I'm using a throwaway account.
 For the past month, I've been feeling depressed. I'm taking medication and I'm in therapy. Some days have been better than others, but for the most part, I've been feeling depressed. I have had days where I have thought about suicide. The way I would kill myself is with a shotgun. It would be the most efficient method.
 I've been stressed out. I'm stressed out about everything. I just want to punch something, break down and cry, or cut myself."
I'm tired of people telling me quitting drinking will solve all my problems.  Close  10  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I'm tired of people telling me quitting drinking will solve all my problems.  I know that alcohol is making me worse, and I'm trying to stop. But I've ony really been drinking for a year, I've been depressed my whole life. I got an AA sponsor because my therapist told me to. I told her I wanted to kill myself, she said if I quit drinking that will go away. She doesn't think I need therapy or meds, just AA. I'm diagnosed with major depression, generalized anxiety disorder, bulimia nervosa and bpd. But all anyone cares about is that I'm an alcoholic. My old therapist fired me because she said therapy isn't indicated for addicts. I just don't believe stopping drinking will solve all my problems.
"In 5 days I turn 29. This is the first week I've ever been on ADHD medication.  Close  5  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  In 5 days I turn 29. This is the first week I've ever been on ADHD medication.  It's only been 4 days, I haven't really had much on my schedule to take care of. No projects to work on or important tasks to get caught up in. I've just been existing and it has been life-changing.
 Over the last few months, ADHD became a topic of discussion with my mental health team. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and General Anxiety Disorder for a few years now. I'm on a combination of Luvox and Gabapentin to deal with that. I also did a metric fuck ton of therapy. The work on myself and the meds have absolutely helped me get to a much better place than I was before I started but it was a long and slow process.
 None of that prepared me for the difference I'd feel in taking 40 mg of  Vyvanse. I don't really feel anything, I just feel... I guess, ""normal"" for lack of a better word?
 Yesterday, I was having a conversation in a store as two other conversations were happening nearby. Normally, I would be desperately trying to focus on the person I'm speaking to but my brain would always tune in to what was happening around me. Not yesterday. I was in the conversation I was having. I didn't overthink eye contact. I didn't worry about responding. I didn't start going through scenarios of what I would say and what they would say. I was just present.
 My anxiety has noticeably lessened. It's still there but it's not this overbearing beast hanging on my shoulders like it normally is. I'm realizing that so much of my anxiety comes from overstimulation. My brain is normally being pulled in every direction and the subconscious, and conscious, efforts made to stay on track are draining.
 I know we're all familiar with long rants that no one asked for. So, I'll try to wrap it up.
 I just needed to tell someone. I'm both so happy that this works and so sad that it took this long. I wanted to say thank you to this community. I rarely comment but I've been lurking for a while. This sub is 100% responsible for me getting help. Reading everyone's posts made me realize how many of my behaviors lined up with ADHD. It helped me find answers to questions I didn't know I should be asking. So, thank you to everyone that has ever posted here. You've helped more than you know."
In November of 2009, I had a surgery to have a number of fibroids removed. In February of 2010, I was diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and from then on, my life has changed in a way that I never could imagine. I was traveling with my job as a technical support technician, as well as traveling the world taking vacations that I never would have guessed I would be able to. I was enjoying life to the fullest. Then one day, I passed out. I thought that maybe my body was just tired or something, however, this wasn't the case. I went from passing out to passing out and having seizures. I basically lost everything, EXCEPT my life. The motor vehicle department has taken my driver's license, I have had to sell one car and return my other car, lost my job, tried to commit suicide a few times and have not been able to work due to so many medical issues/diagnosis. I have had to sell just about everything that I owned just to pay bills, as over time, my long term disability finances were depleted and I now have no income. I was finally approved for Medicaid in 2013.. but only for like March and April of 2012 and I think November and December of 2012… also starting January 2013 and so on. Social Security has denied me several times due to my age and education. It's just been like a down hill journey. I have been to all kinds of doctors and still have no exact answers as to what the seizures are coming. I am now being treated for major depression disorder, celiac disease, non-epileptic seizures, amongst a few. I currently take 7 pills in the morning and 4 at night for my health issues (Keppra, Lamictol, Effexor, Raditine, Propanalol). I never would have guessed that I would end up in this condition being so young, because I have 2 college degrees and was striving to the top. Don't Take Life 4 Granted because life could change at any time... #DTL4G
In order to get an Emotional Support Animal (ESA) do I need to get the animal formally "registered", or is a note from my psychiatrist establishing a legitimate medical need for one sufficient?  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  In order to get an Emotional Support Animal (ESA) do I need to get the animal formally "registered", or is a note from my psychiatrist establishing a legitimate medical need for one sufficient?  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder for over a decade now and believe that getting a cat will help alleviate symptoms.  My landlord has a strict no pet policy, but I know that under the FHA and ADA, ESAs are permitted in such housing without any additional fees.  There are a lot of websites out there that charge a fee to get the animal registered-is this necessary or will a doctor's note suffice?
"In the past year and a half I have become more and more miserable.  I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and have anxiety as well as obsessive compulsive disorder.  There are multiple reasons I want to die, if you don’t mind a list.
   I’m hated by the vast majority of the people that I know.
   The few who don’t hate me are not enough to make me want to keep going.  My SO is the only one who can have any sway in my self harming in the moment, but when they’re not around, death is the only thing I can think of.
   My parents are divorced.
   My dad does not accept my sexuality or gender.
   I’ve already been hospitalized for suicidal ideation and I’m determined not to go back, so if that means I have to make sure that my methods kill me effectively, I will.
   Both of my parents greatly prefer my sister over myself.
   No one can see the pain I’m in and I’m too afraid to tell anyone so I keep spiraling into the abyss of clinical depression and anxiety. I have no reason to continue living.  I can’t find any light in my life and drawing and reading are only temporary escapes.  I have many methods that I can use if one doesn’t work.  I refuse to call hotlines or tell someone because I ABSOLUTELY refuse to be sent back to the hospital or to a long term facility.  I’m sorry to burden those of you who do read this with my problems.
  2 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   1 point   ·    10 months ago  The fact that you have just shared this is the first large step, strangers on the internet may seem a world away from your family and close (er) friends that are here to love and support you. I am here pm me or message my discord- rxlidd- I am here to love you bro. Never let yourself think low of yourself, you are wonderful, the fact that you are on this planet and I am replying to you is such small odds it is hard to imagine. We are all were we are for a reason, hang in there and I implore you, message me?"
"Inb4 ""everyone dies alone"" or whatever that quote is.
 I don't deserve to be alive. I don't  want  to be alive. I'm not depressed--I have been diagnosed with clinical depression before, and this is not it, this does not feel how I felt then. It's just the sheer truth that the world would be much better off without me in it, and I certainly wouldn't have to keep living my pathetic, draining existence. The issue is, I'm kind of a terrible person. Most importantly, I'm a coward. I'm not brave enough to do it alone, I need someone to hold my hand and tell me it's okay while I relieve them of my burdensome existence. But of course no one will do that. They feel like they have to ""save"" my ""precious life"" because that's what society has told them, even though I can tell they all wish I had never entered their lives in the first place. My life is not precious or worth saving. I would know. But I'm too much of an awful coward to bring mercy on the poor world that has to deal with me. I hate that my only options are to OD or shoot myself or bleed or whatever completely alone, or continue inflicting my existence on a world that shouldn't have to deal with me. There are so many resources out there that will try to convince you not to kill yourself or save you when you get close, but where are the services for weak motherfuckers like me who  should  die but are too weak to do it alone? Bullshit double standard if you ask me.
 I'm not a suicide risk because I have no one to hold my weak-ass hand while I do it. If you're contemplating suicide, please reach out to a loved one or one of the resources out there like  r/suicidewatch  or the suicide hotline (800-273-8255 for the US). I promise your life is more valuable than mine, please do not let my toxicity ruin your life or the lives of your loved ones."
"Incomplete for mental health reasons  Question  Close  34  Posted by   Physics (B.S.)   1 month ago  Incomplete for mental health reasons  Question  Is this allowed at all? I had a panic attack during an online final this morning. It wasn’t on zoom, so I just cried alone for about an hour while I couldn’t think or write or do anything. The more I thought about how much time I was losing the more I panicked. Despite that, I think I did alright in the class overall so that’s not the one I’m concerned about.
 I have more three finals coming up this week, and I cannot focus at all right now. Like many of others, I haven’t been able to focus for the past week, but after this incident I literally cannot go 5 minutes without bursting into tears or feeling faint/beginning to hyperventilate. I cried three times while typing this out. I am diagnosed with major depression and am prone to panic attacks. I have had several in the past week.
 I know this is a stressful time for all, not just me, and professors cannot be giving away exceptions to everyone who is stressed. However, I cannot function right now.
 The class I am most worried about is an honors class where everyone is insanely smart and motivated, and therefore the professor expects a lot from us. I don’t think he will be very keen to give out an incomplete for this, especially since he knows me personally as a high achieving and happy go lucky person. I am concerned that if he does agree, he will write me a more difficult final and/or not curve me.
 Should I attempt to contact someone about this? I know that faculty and staff are very busy now, and I don’t want to bother them unnecessarily at this time."
"INTJ or ISTP?  MBTI  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  INTJ or ISTP?  MBTI  Hello,  r/INTJ . I've been trying to figure out my true type for about a year now, but there are more questions than answers and it's starting to drive me insane.
 I don't know if I'm an oddly hasty INTJ or a very introspective, abstract ISTP. While I've determined that I  definitely  have Ni in some form, I can't figure out where it is in my function stack.
 Now, on to the interesting part.
 I'm fiercely independent, impatient, value my status as an individual, and dislike working with people, but when I do get forced into a group activity, others complain that I'm too bossy. This is mainly due to the fact that I'm always brimming with ideas and I dislike it when those ideas (which are usually based on what's most reasonable and/or creative) are changed. While I DO like to plan, analyze, and think about the future, I can be somewhat impetuous.
 Another thing I noted is that my more Se-reminiscent traits become more prominent when I'm in a stressful environment. My more hedonistic side tends to come out when I'm having a mood drop/depressive episode. When overwhelmed/tired, I'll start acting on instinct and focusing on what is currently happening, rather than what WILL happen (as I typically do).
 I've always been irreverent and questioned major things as they came along in life.
 If it helps, I'm autistic and have been diagnosed with major depression."
"Irritabilty & High levels of stress  Discussion  Close  3  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Irritabilty & High levels of stress  Discussion  I've been diagnosed with major depression/generalized anxiety, and I've been on and off meds for the past five years. I was first prescribed lexapro that did nothing, and Effexor which was great but my dosage was too high and honestly the side effects/withdraw are just not worth it, i tried Prozac but felt nothing... and I've been off medicine for the past couple months. Recently my irritability & stress levels are getting the best of me, so I made an appointment with my psych to see what medications may be best.
  
 My main question is-for those who get really irritable and have a lot of stress what works best for you? I know everyone is different but id like some insight on how others cope.
 Thanks!!"
"Is anyone interested in forming an intentional/communal living community for people with AvPD and/or social anxiety and depression?  Close  21  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Is anyone interested in forming an intentional/communal living community for people with AvPD and/or social anxiety and depression?  With few exceptions I have been very alone and lonely my whole life. I have been diagnosed with major depression disorder and AvPD. I have come to accept that I cannot survive in our modern individualistic society. Left to my own devices I will isolate myself and escape into oblivion. My happiest times have been in highly structured environments where I have been forced (not literally forced but socially forced) to be productive and social.
 These happy times include participating in Americorps NCCC and going to inpatient drug-rehab. I loved rehab and didn't want to leave!
 What I am proposing is something in between a hippie commune and army barracks. We will live, eat, cook, clean, exercise, do activities, and make decisions together. There will be a strict schedule, we will have a peer group therapy session every day. We will help each other out and become a very tight-knit community.
 Living communally and in a highly structured way would give us the productivity and socialization that eludes us now. It would make us feel useful and contented and allow us not merely to survive but to thrive!
 I've been planning this for a month now and have a lot more to say but I want to know if anyone here is interested or has any questions. Feel free to respond in the comments or PM me."
"Is anyone interested in forming an intentional/communal living community for people with social anxiety and depression?  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Is anyone interested in forming an intentional/communal living community for people with social anxiety and depression?  With few exceptions I have been very alone and lonely my whole life. I have been diagnosed with major depression disorder and AvPD/social anxiety. I have come to accept that I cannot survive in our modern individualistic society. Left to my own devices I will isolate myself and escape into oblivion. My happiest times have been in highly structured environments where I have been forced (not literally forced but socially forced) to be productive and social.
 These happy times include participating in Americorps NCCC and going to inpatient drug-rehab. I loved rehab and didn't want to leave!
 What I am proposing is something in between a hippie commune and army barracks. We will live, eat, cook, clean, exercise, do activities, and make decisions together. There will be a strict schedule, we will have a peer group therapy session every day. We will help each other out and become a very tight-knit community.
 Living communally and in a highly structured way would give us the productivity and socialization that eludes us now. It would make us feel useful and contented and allow us not merely to survive but to thrive!
 I've been planning this for a month now and have a lot more to say but I want to know if anyone here is interested or has any questions. Feel free to respond in the comments or PM me."
"Is it depression related to become irrational when upset? Any advice welcome  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Is it depression related to become irrational when upset? Any advice welcome  Not sure if this is depression related or caused by something else or just lack of seeing a therapist, but when I get really worked up about something I start having out of control thoughts of suicide, doing drugs, binge drinking etc. I felt this way even when seeing a therapist so I’m not sure how to cope but it makes me feel insane and scared and embarrassed. Any advice at all is welcome
 Edit: forgot to mention I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder"
"Is it necessary in the anarchist context to abolish culture, and if so, how do we do it?  Close  5  Posted by   Anarchist Without Adjectives   4 years ago  Archived  Is it necessary in the anarchist context to abolish culture, and if so, how do we do it?  In the frame of anarchism, I believe it would be necessary to abolish culture. I base this idea on the concept of a personal best. If anarchism is meant to empower everyone, it follows that it would encourage everyone to be their best, however they define it. When are we our personal best? When we feel accepted, and when we have personal goals and morals which we strive to meet. What is culture? Culture is the background on which we paint our individual morals and goals. If culture and personal goals and morals are incompatible, it leads to a type of situational depression (really I believe all depression is based in this [the interpretation of events, goals, and morals], and I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder). An example is that current American culture sees Autism as an illness - this leads many Autistic people to associate themselves with negative things, leads to a type of irritability and depression. Same thing with being transgender or gay, etc. This means that culture must be abolished and replaced with an anteculture (not anticulture, anteculture), which, instead of calling on people to be a certain way, lays the groundwork for them to choose who they want to be.
 This is my argument for abolishing culture - if you disagree, feel free to argue with me. The bigger question is, how do we do it?
 Edit: Culture is not morality and belief, culture is the passing on of morality and belief. I'm saying we should encourage people to form their own moralities and beliefs, not blindly accept those of the past. Abolishing culture is inherently part of anarchism. To abolish all authority, one must abolish the authority of past generations."
"Is it normal for anti-depressants to stop working after 12-18 months?  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Is it normal for anti-depressants to stop working after 12-18 months?  I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and have struggled with it most of my life.  Over the last 10 years my psychiatrists (some retired, etc...) have had me on a very wide variety of SSRIs and related medications.   Some of them don't work from the start, but the ones that do only last for 12-18 months and then rapidly become less and less effective.
 Is this something that is known about?  I've tried finding out about it using google but haven't had much luck (granted, my google-fu isn't all that hot)."
Is it normal to have an urge to kill someone?  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Is it normal to have an urge to kill someone?  Honestly I'm not diagnosed with BPD but I have all 9 symptoms. I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Anxiety based on mine and mom's little detail we told to the doctor. My mom don't even know me that much, I grew up without her so Idk what she told my doctor. I didn't finish my medication cause I think nothing's happening. This days, my urge to kill someone, either it's myself or another person is getting stronger. Sometimes, I have lots of empathy in me but sometimes I just wanna have a little rampage and wanna see blood so bad. Maybe it's me splitting. I can be hypersensitive one minute and numb & empty the next. I isolate myself whenever I feel like it, I don't wanna interact with anyone cause I know one little prick can make me snap again and I don't know if can get back up again. I hate everyone rn.
"Is it ok for me to learn only the core principles of everything I want to learn?  Close  0  Posted by  19 days ago  Is it ok for me to learn only the core principles of everything I want to learn?  TL:DR I break down anything I want to learn into their core principles then build upon that principles. I OCD over things that I learn not from their core principles because I feel that I may miss something that'll help me learn it much faster
  
 I'm not currently diagnosed with ADHD but I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder but by researching, I found other illnesses which I might have including OCD, Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria, Dissociation Disorder most of them commonly co-exist with ADHD. I will go to my Psychiatrist and my Psychologist to talk about my case after the quarantine ends.
 With that in my mind I tried to experiment different ways of learning which lead me to this learning method. This helped me to learn things much easier because I cannot understand something from a giant wall of text unless I focus really really hard, but when I figure something myself, the ideas naturally connects and I get a high feeling from that.
 Example on how I learn:
 Because I already learned the fundamentals of programming, I should choose what programming language to learn, I chose Python because I'm interested in AI and Machine Learning.
 I search for Learning Python principles>Sees that it's Principles is connected to OOP(Object Oriented Programming)>I study the principles related to python from the principles of OOP>Proceeds to learn Python Programming Language while keeping in mind the principles I learned from earlier. Doing this the ideas naturally connects on its own while learning without that much effort of trying hard to focus"
"Is Major Depressive Disprder, PTSD, AND anxiety considered a disability?  Healthcare Law including HIPAA  Close  15  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Is Major Depressive Disprder, PTSD, AND anxiety considered a disability?  Healthcare Law including HIPAA  Hello legal eagles, I have a quick question.  For the last twenty-five years I’ve been on antidepressants and anxiety medication.  I also have a therapist I see regularly.  I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, severe anxiety, and PTSD.
 I have no interest in collecting disability.  I love my job (I’m a teacher) and I am capable of working full time.
 However, sometimes problems arise.  Despite the medication and therapy, there are occasional times when I am so overwhelmed with anxiety that I cannot function that day.  Another complication with the anxiety and depression is my immune system doesn’t work as well as a “normal” person.  As a teacher with small, affectionate kiddos, I often catch every cold, strep throat, etc that goes through the school.  On average, I miss ten-fifteen days every year.
 Despite my absences, my students consistently do well.  I’ve taught for 16 years now and I’m a good teacher.
 I’m worried that my absences could be held against me, although so far they have not.   Is my medical condition something I can bring to my principal so that I have some protection?
 I hope this makes sense.  Thanks everyone!
 I am in NC (sorry bot)"
"Is my depression “FAKE” ???  Close  5  Posted by  3 months ago  Is my depression “FAKE” ???  For context, I’ve had mental struggles since I was nine years old. I’ve suffered a lot of abuse and trauma. I have accomplished some great things too, but I just can’t seem to enjoy anything or to have any motivation. I just see no point in anything and everything hurts. I’ve had two suicide attempts.
 I still get told I’m not sick. “I’m too smart to be sick, I’m just bored, I just need something to do, I just need a job, I just need a responsibility, I need to stop sleeping that much”.
 I am 26. I have had jobs. All of them I have had to quit because of me getting extremely depressed and not being able to continue.
 I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and personality disorders multiple times, stayed in hospitals for months, I take five pills a day. Still, not sick. Still, it’s just what I want to convince myself with. Just so I can sleep because I love it so much.
 I am extremely tired of getting told I’m not gonna be granted the disability because I’m too smart and I don‘t sound crazy. I’m tired of doubting myself, if I’m making all this up. I have come to terms with my traumas, my struggles, the things I do. I’ve had to over the years to stop putting myself in even harder situations. But then, again, first day I step foot into my new psychologist’s office, three sentences in, he tells me I just need a better routine and probably a job. I’m too comfortable in my current situation so I’m being enabled this comfortable life of doing nothing and I don’t wanna change it. But there’s ACTUAL sick people out there!! ... It just hurts so much, man. It hurts terribly. If I didn’t feel invisible enough, this is just the cherry on top. Now I don’t even need help when I’m asking for it. I wanted to get a million things off my chest. But hey, I guess I sounded too eloquent too quick. Now I’m a lazy scammer who just doesn’t want to work. No I don’t want to work, it terrifies me. Everything does.
 Going out for groceries terrifies me. Having to take a bus terrifies me. Walking for more than five minutes terrifies me. But I’m just lazy.
 Ps. The only reason I’d want the disability check is to give to my parents and don’t leech off them, and to feed my cat and pay his veterinary bills. I don’t need anything."
"Is my mum a JN?  Am I Overreacting? TRIGGER WARNING  Close  15  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Is my mum a JN?  Am I Overreacting? TRIGGER WARNING  Hi, old time lurker, new time poster. And sorry for mobile format.
 Okay so, I'm 14 (please don't leave just because I'm young) and I'm sorry if this is the wrong place to post this but I don't really know where I should post this and I honestly need help. Some background: I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, General Anxiety, and OCD, and I used to be anorexic/bulimic. I've been clean of cutting for (as of right now) a month and I'm a bit better with feeling suicidal but sometimes do wish I could (never attempted but I've gotten very close to trying before), and I no longer try to starve myself nor force myself to purge. My mum lives with her parents and I love with her while seeing my ""dad"" on some weekends (they had me when they were still dating and then they split).
 I'm not really sure how to start this sooooo yeah. I've recently been wondering if my mum is toxic/neglectful/JN, and I just wanna know if im right. (Sorry if this is a bad start or anything) Okay so, my mum is a bit of a jokester. She's always making dirty jokes and shit and I'm fine with that...until she starts making jokes about things like me and my boyfriend fucking, or, when she read our texts together and found out about our kinks, she made jokes about that!! She's made jokes about her and HER BOYFRIEND fucking and has even told me his dick size before. That stuff makes me very uncomfortable and I honestly hate it, it makes me feel gross and like a slut (something I already have problems with). Ice asked her to stop be she just won't!!
 She also honestly acts like a child sometimes, For example: One time me and her were fighting over me putting my dog up for the night, my rule is no earlier than 8:00 pm unless there's special circumstances. She was taking my 3 YO sister outside and wanted me to put my dog up because she didn't want him to knock her over. Here's the thing: she's completely rude to my dog (Phoenix btw), she calls him stupid all the time and threatens to kick him if he jumps on her. I'll admit it, he's not very well trained (my fault) BUT he's been doing a lot better with his training!! He doesn't jump as much and honestly will listen a lot better than before! She refuses to listen to that and yelled at me to put him up now, even though he wasn't even near my sis and was running around in the woods near our house. She kept yelling and yelling at me, threatening to take my phone away if I didn't.
 We both got pissed and she was completely having a tantrum. I ended up running inside and grabbing a knife and cutting a little just because I was so pissed and was about to cry. I felt like she didn't respect me in the slightest. As I was going in i said I wasn't talking to her for the rest of the night and she said ""Good then!!"" After that I just caved to get it over with and put him up. After that, she legitimately said, ""Just let me have my tantrum and then I'll be fine."" The ADULT, the 36 YO ADULT, said to just ""let her have her tantrum.""
 Then, there's how she goes through my phone. She keeps saying she ""payed for it so I get to control it"", but she doesn't have a job. The only place she gets money from is her parents and my ""dads"" child support which is supposed to be for my needs. Id be fine with it if it weren't for the way she does it. She just looks through alllll my text messages and will then make jokes and talk about it all the time (even after asking her to stop). And the thing is, when I text my bf I don't hold back. I'm completely myself and I don't hide how I'm feeling. He lets me vent to him and helps me a lot with my depression and anxiety. He's the first person I think of when I'm having a panic attack and I can honestly say he's the only reason I'm alive right now. She just reads through that like it nothing. It makes me feel like I have no where to be open and like I have no where to be myself and I have to hide everything. I get it, she's my mum she can do whatever she wants technically, but shouldn't I have a little privacy?? She doesn't even knock when she comes in my room!! And if I'm changing she'll just laugh when I tell her to go away. She treats it like it's a joke I'm self conscious!!! People are probably going to call me an asshole for being upset over this but it's my one place to vent and be me, and I feel like in losing it. I'm sorry if that makes me an asshole but it's how I feel!
 Then, theres the whole way she acted about my cutting. When she first found out she yelled, and I mean yelled HARD. She kept saying how I was gonna get taken away from her and how I'd have to live with my ""dad"". It was harsh and I felt like shit, I stood there and took it until she left and then I sobbed hard. After that she'd always force me to show her my wrists and if I didn't she'd threaten to tell my ""dad"", which forced me to show her. She eventually stopped making me show her but I was always scared she was gonna. I didn't and still don't trust her so I absolutely hated it, I had my bf who knew and helped me a lot, but that's all who I wanted to know about it. She'd also say things to me like ""why don't you cut your legs or your foot or something?? That way no one else sees!!!!"" and then I'd just feel like shit. Anytime she'd find out I cut she'd yell at me again like she did before. At one point, she did kinda try to help with a notebook but after I didn't use it (I had other things to help) she started yelling again. At one point she even said I was doing it for my, then best friend now boyfriends, attention. That really hit hard because I was always afraid if people found out they'd think I was doing it for attention and just ridicule me and bully me. Even after I got help she'd still occasionally say ""just do it on your legs"" and she'd also make jokes about it as well.
 She's done a few good things, like forcing me to get help, but I feel like she just does too much bad for the good to make her a good mum. She treats me like I'm her friend and not her daughter, I feel like I don't have a mum at all. Also, I should say we've sat down and talked about this before, she was better for a little bit but then went right back to it. So just tell me straight, am I being over sensitive or is she really as bad as I feel?"
"Is science or engineering a good choice for ADD?  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Is science or engineering a good choice for ADD?  (FYI LONGish READ) I was diagnosed with ADD at a young age. If I remember correctly it was around five, and It's been hell not only for me but for my family. I've been through many jobs and quit most of them and been fired from a few of them, I tried college for the first time and I lasted a semester. I'm sure we have all heard a similar story to this, so I won't drag this out, you could guess most of it. Also, I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I shall try to not make this into a ""woe is me"" post.
 Now for the topic at hand. I'm 25 years old now and I'm really want to get serious about a career path for myself and intend to go back to school. Personally, I'm interested in the sciences chemistry or physics mainly, but all of the fields I find interesting in fact. There is though a level of uncertainty there also because I've exhibited a very scattered focus level even for the topics that I ""enjoy."" My attention to detail can be mediocre at best and ability to recall information can be lacking. Though I will say that I have become better in the aspect of memory retention, but I still find it difficult at times. I know my interests lay within the science fields or the engineering fields, though I'm not sure where I would place my focus or if I'm just ""dreaming.""
 I've done much research concerning ADD, and I've read a lot of mixed views. Most say that a skill field, of which I do very well at but it is very frustrating and I'm prone to outbursts of anger due to this. Not to mention BORING! Others say policing or firefighting, the danger aspect would be exciting but I feel I would find it mundane and would eventually tire of it, not to disrespect those who endanger their lives every day to keep us safe, I simply would have no interest. For those that are in the field, I respect you, for I could never do such things. Then there is the doctor or nurse, but due to my poor memory recollection and impulsivity, I feel I may end being a danger to others. Lastly, there are the sciences, of which I believe I have an interst. Is this recommended? Or am I chasing a ""tall tale?"" DO NOT INCLUDE ALL THE SCIENTISTS THAT ""HAD"" ADD, THIS CAN NOT BE PROVEN OR DISPROVEN. I'm not looking for a damn motivational article. I want something realistic not the crap that google spits at you. Also, I understand what ADD is and how it affects the behavior, executive functions, and cognitive abilities. I'm not looking for something that I can google in two seconds. I seek your opinion, if you can cite articles and essays written by those credible, that would be greatly appreciated. Also, please pardon my brashness, spelling, and grammar."
"Is starting an antidepressant in the middle of a busy semester a terrible idea?  Close  5  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  Is starting an antidepressant in the middle of a busy semester a terrible idea?  I'm considering starting either Wellbutrin or Zoloft (both recommended by my doctor) in the coming weeks, but I am already in the middle of a busy semester in graduate school. Is it possible that the side effects will so negatively affect my performance that I should warn my professors? Should I wait until after the semester to start? My doctor said this is at least a 6 month commitment, so I am hesitant to begin treatment.
 For added background I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder/Clinical Depression and I am currently enrolled in CBT. Still got 2 years left of grad school. :("
"Is there any harm on reading books on certain issues even though one is not officially diagnosed with them ?  Close  37  Posted by  1 month ago  Is there any harm on reading books on certain issues even though one is not officially diagnosed with them ?  Hello all,
 I have been diagnosed with major depression 8 years ago and got medical treatment for it. During the treatment I was seeing my psychiatrist every other two week and was usually crying during sessions. I was not really able to contain my emotions let alone discuss anything. After recovering from initial depression with medication up to some degree I continued my life, and didn't continue therapy.
 After 4 years of initial diagnosis I experienced my first panic attack and got diagnosed with anxiety and minor depression. I was medically treated again, however this time I started therapy (CBT) and benefited it up to some degree. However this was also short lived.
 Anyway, coming to this year I started therapy again (psychodynamic). This is very different from the CBT one, no homework, no clear cut behavior modification, no new habits but lots and lots of talking and analysis. However at no point my therapist diagnosed me. So I don't have any official diagnosis. I am not sure whether this is part of this therapy style.
 I am also frequenting reddit subs that I relate a lot, and I must say people there helped me grow healthy perspectives and provided me some insights into my own behavior, if nothing else there were solidarity.
 Now for the past year or so, people on the subs that I am posting, replied with mentions of C-PTSD and PTSD. I read some blogs and checked out some references, and I was crying for hours especially after reading about C-PTSD.
 I never mentioned this to my therapist, as I was afraid she might get offended me mentioning terminology.
 Now I gave a break to my therapy due to covid-19. I was hesitant reading books or asking my therapist about readings before as I said I was afraid she might be offended. I am not a professional, nor I claim to be, and I do take advice online with a grain of salt, but I do think my situation has to do with PTSD.
 So, I am wondering is there any harm reading about this condition or conditions that I think related to my situation ?  Also how can one benefit from such readings ? What should I be careful about ?
 Thank you"
"Is there any real, legitimate, and valid evidence that caring for a pet can alleviate depression and anxiety?  Close  11  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Is there any real, legitimate, and valid evidence that caring for a pet can alleviate depression and anxiety?  I wasn't sure where to ask this question. I have asked several other questions in the  r/askscience  and I have not gotten much of a response. I also did not want to post in  r/psychology  because they typically discuss ""pop psychology"" and not real science.
 My question: is there any solid evidence that caring for a pet can alleviate depression and/or anxiety? I'm interested to see how many studies have been conducted regarding this. Does anyone know? What is the exact effect that caring for a pet has on our brain's chemicals to make us feel happier and less anxious? Are there any studies that show caring for a pet increases serotonin, dopamine, etc.?
 The reason I'm asking is because I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Panic Disorder, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I have 3 pet rats, and they make me truly happy. And I'm not talking about regular happiness. Whenever I hold them, pet them, etc., my depression and anxiety (which I almost always feel constantly to some degree) dissipate. I'm prescribed Xanax, and even the Xanax doesn't take away my anxiety as well as holding my pet rats. Is there any legitimate explanation behind this? Or is this just a placebo effect? Thank you to anyone who answers!"
Is there hope... I’ve tried everything  Close  4  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Is there hope... I’ve tried everything  I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, ptsd and ocd. Depression has been a part of my life since I was around 15 years old-I just turned 27. My depression level has grown exponentially in the last few years.   I’ve done everything I could to improve my life since I turned 18-moved away from negative people, brokeup with my ex, separated myself from toxic family members, put myself through enough school to get the job I wanted (I’m a web developer), got a kitten (I’ve always wanted one). I love my job and i make decent money. I’m happily engaged now.   I went to therapy for a while to cope with my past traumas. Technically I should be happy with how far I’ve made it-i should be content at least or comfortable. I’ve crossed everything off my list as far as goals go...right?   I have debts-student loans, car loans, credit card bills...but I can manage. I don’t like socializing or going places so I end up putting most of my money toward my debts. When I get anxious I clean. If I have dishes to do or laundry to do I do it. Because I know what it’s like to let them pile up and I just want to get it done. I’m pretty good at handling/coping with my anxieties. If I have to do things, I make myself do them. I get up and go to work every day...I know I love my job, but if it didn’t help me keep a roof over my head, I don’t know if I’d even bother to get up.  I used to be interested in extra curricular activities, casually drawing, playing video games. I used to be excited to go to work, to learn new things, to go to the gym, etc. Some days out of the week I can get myself to play a game or two..if that. Nothing is interesting anymore. There’s no point to putting effort into anything, nothing really actually matters. I’m extremely tired all the time. I’d rather just sleep than do anything productive or creative. I have no reason to be motivated. There’s nothing that excites me or even remotely pushes me to work on anything. I know all the therapeutic things people recommend like meditation, yoga, exercise, etc. but I procrastinate whenever I think about them. I have no drive or inner voice telling me I should try even though I know I should.   My psychiatrist prescribed me lexapro and I’ve been on it for 5 months now. I was taking 10mg, then 20, I felt nothing. They put me up to 30 and now 40mg. I don’t fall into the extreme lows of my depressive cycle like I used to. I’m not suicidal. I don’t know if I feel very depressed anymore-but-i don’t feel anything...like at all. My depression seems to have plateaued but- it seems to have drastically worsened before it plateaued. I brought myself back down to 20mg. I didn’t want to put myself through the withdrawals of cutting it cold turkey, but I know lexapro is not the answer.  I have no reason to be depressed. I’ve done everything I could to get myself to place where I could say that and genuinely mean it. But I’m not better. Im worse. I feel empty and numb and now I don’t even feel like I have anything worth looking forward to that I actually want to try doing. I can’t remember the last day I wanted to actually get up and go do something fun for myself. My friends try to talk to me or ask to hang out but everything just seems like a chore so I avoid them. I don’t want to do anything.   I just want to feel something. I want to be excited to do something again. I want to feel like things matter. I want to get better. Is there a better ssri? Is there an actual cure that works? If exercise works, how can I get myself to even take the first step? It’s so frustrating. Is there even an answer to any of this or is this what life will always feel like? I’m so tired of this.
"Is this an anxiety thing? Or more of a depression thing?  Close  31  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Is this an anxiety thing? Or more of a depression thing?  So for reference, I've been diagnosed with major depression and my mom has throughout her life struggled with depression and anxiety.  However I've never had any sort of anxiety diagnosis.
 Anyways I kinda live in this constant state of dread.  It's not so much that I think something bad is going to happen, so much as it is that something normal that's going to happen (going to class, work, the store, hanging out, etc.) is going to be horribly unpleasant.  And so it's impossible for me to ever really relax or enjoy myself because there's always something coming up in the near future that's going to be awful.  I may not know  how  it's going to be awful, it's just this sense of dread that defies logic.  And as a result it causes me to shut down and never do anything, unless maybe there's some immediate consequence for not doing it.  Does this sound like an anxiety thing?"
"Is this depression, or something worse?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Is this depression, or something worse?  Been mulling a bit over the most recent events in my life. I'm at the point now where I'm starting to genuinely worry about the state of my mental health/acuity. I've been troubled since a young age. Primarily, I've been diagnosed with major depressive traits, purely obsessional OCD, generalized anxiety, paranoia, attention issues, etc. Interesting thing here though is that I'd easily barrelled my way through it for most of my life. I took care of myself. I was attractive. I was intelligent. I could absorb and recall information like it was second nature. I had a gifted ear and was a natural musician. Quick witted. Had friends and a slew of relationships. Was very fit.
 Similar to what many people experience pre-depression I'd felt as though I was sort of the main character of my life. Not so much in a narcissistic way as much as a confident way. I did what I wanted, went where I needed to go and was predominantly assured of where my future was headed. Even so, mind you, I knew what serious depressive bouts felt like.
 Not like this, though. Not like this at all. I don't know what this is and it's tugging at every single one of my heartstrings. Half a year ago I went through a particularly innocuous break up and altogether one of the easier partings of my life. (I don't think this was the catalyst of the issues I'm about to touch upon but more so an event to lay down a time frame of when it all started.) Things soon afterwards immediately caught my attention. Serious bouts of depersonalization and derealization as well as a brooding hopelessness deeper than any other feeling I could possibly muster up. My memory and focus faded away to where the for the first time in my life I felt stupid. As if my IQ had suddenly dropped 30 points. Everything I once enjoyed and indulged in including books, shows, movies, games, exercise, and friends became a lifeless chore I refused to participate in out of sheer exhaustion. My mind could not hold on to one thought for more than 4 seconds. I forgot how to do things that I once excelled at for years. I felt trapped in the front of my own brain as if the access to the stores of knowledge I'd once had was locked away in some cage adorned with 700 padlocks welded solidly to the front. I felt not only like a shell but as though I had genuine brain damage. Memory recall became difficult and I was concerned that I'd lost the part of me that made me myself. My perception and ability to concentrate shut down. I was shrouded by some industrial fog that had seeped into my actual synapses.
 I then became paranoid that I had somehow done neurotoxic damage to my brain with the Adderall I'd been prescribed despite never having abused it, or that something stupid I participated in when I was younger (can't actually think of specifics) had created some sort of delayed onset brain damage that only I was seeing. This paranoia only furthered my depression until I became a rage fueled man-beast concerned that I would never feel as if I could see, hear, smell or think with clarity ever again in the way that I'd used to. My vocabulary even started to dwindle as I slowly started forgetting words and how to use them when needed. I'm still struggling with this. Is this major depressive disorder on a scale I've never experienced before, or should I be looking somewhere else for answers? I've known people with schizophrenia that may have experienced things like this in the beginning yet that also sounds a bit far fetched to me.
 To anyone with some semblance of familiarity that may know what this is or how to overcome it, thank you."
"Is this my depression, or is it my personality?  REQUESTING ADVICE  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  Is this my depression, or is it my personality?  REQUESTING ADVICE  So I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder around two years ago. It took a while to figure out what meds to take but i now take two different medications together to treat it. Ive told the doctors I can tell its helping, but I feel as if it could do more. But sometimes I tell myself this is as good as its gonna get because these meds wont cure me.
 But anyways, onto what this post is really about. Recently I have been in a slump and I’ve been thinking of things about me or things I do that I don’t like. I wrote them down but I don’t know if these are caused by my depression or if its just who i am and i need to come to terms with it. These things include: •Serious lack in motivation. For work, class, and fun with friends and family •Laziness/laying around all day •Unable to find enjoyment in a lot of things •Rethinking my relationship with my SO despite her not doing anything necessarily wrong •Not reaching out or checking up on important people in my life •I am less talkative than i used to be/Ive become more introverted •I become envious of people’s financial positions to the point I put myself in a bad mood, and almost resent my friends
 I don’t really know what kind of responses I am expecting from this. I know some things above are directly caused by the depression. But others im not so sure of. I guess any advice on my whole situation, or on any of those points would be appreciated. Thank you in advance."
"Is this my last year?  Close  1  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Is this my last year?  Trigger warning? I don’t know if it’s useful but there will be mention of suicide.
 I’m 19. Two weeks from turning 20. I am diagnosed with major depression and general anxiety disorder, if that’s any use.
 A couple months ago I landed in the hospital for a suicide attempt. Since then, my heartbeat is sometimes irregular. I went to the doctor and he found nothing wrong with me, and chalked it up to a sensitivity to glucose and stimulants.
 Thing is, ever since then I’ve also had a sense of impending doom. One day, I’d somehow reached the conclusion that I’ll never live to see myself turn 21. I can’t shake the feeling no matter how much I tell myself it’s irrational. I don’t have specific intentions to kill myself before then, and I would very much like to live a long life, so this is in direct contradiction with my desires(I think? I’ve been so confused lately)
 The only thing that could reasonably explain this is that my body feels like it’s actually falling apart sometimes. My heart flutters, I have acid reflux and shit teeth from disordered eating habits, and I’ve gotten physically so weak that I struggle to lift 30 pounds. I sleep about 12-16 hours a day to have enough energy to interact with my family. The list goes on but these seem to be the main things the voice in my head tells when when it’s convincing me that I will die soon.
 I feel like it’s useless to plan my life ahead of me, and I’ve given up on school. I took this quarter off to work on my mental health but honestly I just want to quit college entirely. I cry a lot these days, especially because my last year on this earth is about to begin and I have no idea what I should do to spend it in a fulfilling manner.
 I’m not looking for suggestions to treat depression. I have a care team and I am about to start an intensive outpatient therapy program, and I’m on a cocktail of meds so I don’t kill myself. I just want to make my last year here satisfying, within the abilities of a body that is breaking down and a mind that is terrified of a host of silly things, from eating food to turning 20 years old."
"is this something to actually worry about  Close  20  Posted by  1 month ago  is this something to actually worry about  this might be a mess of a post (im so sorry in advance im kind of a mess rn and my english is pretty bad) and i apologize if this was the wrong thread?
 so ah first things first i guess? im 17 and i have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. im too scared to talk about anything else ( i was forced to talk last time resulting in my dx). the only thing i havent talked about but highly suspect is me having an ed but i hate self dx, it feels like im taking away from others who are actually suffering but please keep this in mind bc i think it affects how i see myself. i dont want to cause trouble so until im 18 i dont want to talk to any adults who know me. only a few more months. i am safe tho im quarantined w my mom and shes alright
 i don't know if what i feel is like  actually  dissociation yknow? everything just feels like im faking. nothing in my life seems concrete, i dont know anything i dont remember anything. i dont know if im actually being truthful or if im somehow being a hypochondriac and just somehow subconsciously faking it. i just dont know. i keep a log of things that happen to me. more for therapy purposes so i remember. ill look back and realize how much ive forgotten
 a lot of the times when i look in a mirror i cant ever connect? like the thing in the mirror and the thing that is typing to you right now are two different entities. other times i just dont feel like a person, not quite human. i just cant seem to connect myself to my body. its either i hate this body or this just isnt mine so i have to treat it nicely
 i dont know if what i went through was bad enough to be considered trauma? i just feel so bad if im just hypersensitive and im making a big deal out of absolutely nothing bc i dont want to take away from others. some part of me thinks im just fine im okay nothing is wrong but another part is just this isnt normal. i wont talk about details unless asked in case the details are too intense but im like really sure my father is manipulative? every time i say i am uncomfortable with him hugging me he says ""oh then you dont actually love me"" but this usually only happens when hes drunk. there are other things but this is one that happens more often. afterward, i feel so bad like im treating  him  badly because I do not want to be touched. its usually only him tho and mostly men. i get so uncomfortable around men even if they are my friends. it takes a lot for me to get use to my male friends.
  
 every time i remember something kind of off about my childhood i think i end up dissociating? i dont remember the things most of the time but i kind of freak out and disconnect like that didnt happen to me yknow? one time a p*do sent me like REAL c/p and i freaked out. i cant remember anything from that week, i usually have really bad memory but i usually remember something but this time. nothing. but i must have been lucid?? i did okay in school which means i was there in some way. i cant remember. that was a pretty big one when i began to suspect that maybe something isnt right. usually its just days tho like some days are off. affectionately ive started calling this side when i cant remember stuff the guardian angel bc im like alive so i must be taking care of myself even if it is not me per se. and angel seem to fit so well since i have super big issues w purity and feeling clean :( i cant go to bed without showering at least once since i have to be clean. other times people cannot touch my things or i have to clean them w rubbing alcohol cos some dumb brain part of me says they contaminated it so i have to clean it
 i remember i once had a whole breakdown complete with me crying very hard (i dont really cry ?) because im a dumb kid and i posted a picture of myself online and it was being interacted with by nsfw people and it felt like ,,, just so bad yknow? im still a child.
 im just so tired all the time. im tired of not knowing but im also so scared of knowing. it just feels like im not real anymore not a proper person
 if u have any questions feel free to comment or dm me or something. im not the most coherent person ever so id be happy to clarify bits if need be. any advice or anything is lovely ! thank you for reading this if you got this far."
"issues with friends and i’m not sure what to think, just knowing that someone sees this makes me feel better i guess  Advice Needed  Close  1  Posted by  3 months ago  issues with friends and i’m not sure what to think, just knowing that someone sees this makes me feel better i guess  Advice Needed  some backstory: i have a small friend group of 3 people, all of which i play video games with when we aren’t at school. i’m not a very loud or talkative person, and am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and severe social anxiety. these people are the only friends i really have, so i keep them close and recently told them about my diagnoses.
 alright so they all were hanging out without me because i’m out of town with family and i get a phone call. one is on the phone in a somber tone saying “hey bro, so you know i tell you stuff that i feel like you need to know even if the others don’t want me to, and they like, don’t wanna be friends with you or hang out with you anymore, they say you’ve been, well, a bitch.” and i’m utterly shocked, here i am, sitting on the couch getting ready to go out to dinner and i get this call. all i can do is kinda choke back the tears that i feel coming and just stay quiet and straight faced. about a minute passes and he calls me back, and upon picking up i hear “AHHHHH WE GOT YOU AHHAHAHHH” (all of them shouting this). the few minutes between the calls was about the most mentally tearing and scarring moments i’ve had in the past year or so, thinking i lost all my friends, including one of 11 years. i hung up immediately because i didn’t know how to feel, they know about my mental issues, it’s almost as if they were torturing me for the fun of it. either that or they were serious and felt bad about how quietly and acceptable i responded to it and decided to make it a joke. i don’t know why they’d do this. i’m still unsure."
"It has been slightly over a year since I tried to kill myself, AMA  Close  11  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  It has been slightly over a year since I tried to kill myself, AMA  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder since then. Ask me anything and I'll answer everything honestly, as long as it doesn't give away identifying information.
 I'm aware that there is a  r/depression , but I wanted to make an AMA for anyone who wanted to ask questions they hadn't felt comfortable asking before."
"It is so hard for me to get out of bed and go to work....  Close  3  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  It is so hard for me to get out of bed and go to work....  Hello Reddit. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder/anxiety. Im 21 [F]. I’m not on medication yet. But there is this vicious cycle where some days I just can’t get out of bed to go to work.. so I call in. Or make up excuses as to why I can’t be there until later in the day. I feel like my boyfriend thinks I’m just absolutely ridiculous and irresponsible.
 It is just so hard for me to get out of bed. I feel like the scum of the earth when I call in. I just wish I didn’t feel this way and could make my boyfriend understand. Anyone else have this issue about going to work?"
It’s a long story. But an instructive one. I was diagnosed with Major depressive disorder in 1995. In retrospect it was minor at least my whole life, with just one lengthy major period. A trauma involving the loss of my mom and a girlfriend at the same time. I lost my sense of self and purpose. Gained it back slowly but surely. In therapy most of the time since 95 to today. Had some therapy when i was young too. I was high functioning while depressed. Trying to treat. Open to most modalities i thought. Somewhere around 2012 i met dr. Depala. Maybe earlier. He did two important things for me. Found a great med combo and taught me the happiness principle. My happiness depends on no one person or thing around and outside of me. It’s all inside. The way we act? Attachment disorders. Everyone wants to “fix” “sick” people. Like they need to. Because it makes them anxious to be around anyone with a less than ideal life situation. I felt better almost instantly when the double titrated dose i was on started. Took me a year to recognize the feeling i felt on a daily basis is what some call “happy”. I have been growing and learning things about myself, relearning all my beliefs, since that kick started me into getting out of the stuck wet cement of the depressed mindset. Happy as heck, i know joy peace and happiness. Love the new me. It is real. It is authentic. I found me beneath the grey gauze of distorted beliefs i accumulated over the years. We are not the right person to judge ourselves. Everything we self label with is some twisted kind of lie. Just distortions. Subtle going to major. First cbt. Then mindfulness. Then dbt and other modalities were learned. Can’t live without any of them anymore. My capabilities are way more extensive than i ever gave myself credit for. I drop my pristiq one dose? The depression comes back. It’s still there. Stuck pain from the past even though i thought i was cleansed already. Oops. We are all allowed to make mistakes. We will not learn if we don’t fail.
It’s funny. I’ve been diagnosed with major depression for five months now, and yet I still wake up every morning surprised that I am depressed. I always thought I was strong. I always thought that a mental illness would never affect me. I was wrong. One of the worst things though is I have no vices. I have nothing that takes the pain away. I don’t drink alcohol, I don’t smoke, I don’t do drugs. I don’t participate in self-harm. So I feel the full force of my depression constantly. I hate that I have no one to talk to that understands what I’m going through. I’m sick of hearing that I’m not trying hard enough, or that I should just be happy because happiness is a choice. I would choose happiness if I could.
It's 1 year that I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I was an excellent student and all of a sudden I lost all the motivation. I'm currently on Wellbutrin (an antidepressant) but seems ineffective. What can I do? I'm desperate.
"It's been 54 days since I was nearly successful at commiting suicide. Things just aren't the same as before.  Close  10  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  It's been 54 days since I was nearly successful at commiting suicide. Things just aren't the same as before.  Fifty four days ago, on June 18th, I tried to commit suicide. The plan was to send out a farewell message/e-mail to the two people I've kept the closest to my heart. I didn't want to be stopped, so I figured out a way around that, or at least I had planned it that way. Of the two friends that I was to inform, one I had not, and have not, spoken to in seven months. To the other, I had become narrow minded, and focused on nothing but negativity. While trying to hide my ever-increasing sadness, I became someone I've never been before. Afraid of hurting my friends with my irritability, presumptuous forethought and displaced trust, I remained silent as best I could. I took everything for the worst, and felt normal. My friend of over 6 years, and with whom I hadn't spoken in seven months, was checking their mail shortly after I had sent something. They called the police from states away, and the police came to my house and set me on to the hospital to save my life.
 Despite a week in a clinic with constant therapy of all sorts, and ongoing outpatient therapy, I still haven't been able to get a lot of things out of my head. I'm unable to see any good in myself and I can't stop thinking everything I do is in someway or another, selfish.
 Do I only do things for people to make myself feel better when they're happy? Will I hurt my friend more by speaking again, knowing that I've become flighty? Did I choose to abandon everyone, the way I've been abandoned by all the friends I knew growing up? Did I do something I'm not aware of to cause those friends to never say hello, or see how my fleeting health had become? I've thought so much, trying to find reasons among every memory I have. Trying to find the destruction I had caused to make people lose all desire to keep in touch. Despite the chance-happen of my life continuing, I catch myself wondering if I would be alive had I chosen different friends to send my farewell to. Something completely unfair and lacking comparable circumstance.
 I've been trying to find myself since I was released from the clinic. Trying to find a purpose to thrive, strong enough to stop turning on myself with every though. Yet, the more I think and try to find me in this mess, the worse I see myself through the eyes of those that know me.
 I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, following my attempt. I'm able to laugh at things I find humorous, yet little makes me ""feel"" happy. I hate myself for feeling no pleasure in the company of those who mean the most, my friends. I hate myself for acting in such a way that makes me seem happy, when I'm not.
 I don't know what to expect of this post as I don't even know the goal of it."
"It's been 54 days since I was nearly successful at commiting suicide. Things just aren't the same as before.  Close  3  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  It's been 54 days since I was nearly successful at commiting suicide. Things just aren't the same as before.  Fifty four days ago, on June 18th, I tried to commit suicide. The plan was to send out a farewell message/e-mail to the two people I've kept the closest to my heart. I didn't want to be stopped, so I figured out a way around that, or at least I had planned it that way. Of the two friends that I was to inform, one I had not, and have not, spoken to in seven months. To the other, I had become narrow minded, and focused on nothing but negativity. While trying to hide my ever-increasing sadness, I became someone I've never been before. Afraid of hurting my friends with my irritability, presumptuous forethought and displaced trust, I remained silent as best I could. I took everything for the worst, and felt normal. My friend of over 6 years, and with whom I hadn't spoken in seven months, was checking their mail shortly after I had sent something. They called the police from states away, and the police came to my house and set me on to the hospital to save my life.
 Despite a week in a clinic with constant therapy of all sorts, and ongoing outpatient therapy, I still haven't been able to get a lot of things out of my head. I'm unable to see any good in myself and I can't stop thinking everything I do is in someway or another, selfish.
 Do I only do things for people to make myself feel better when they're happy? Will I hurt my friend more by speaking again, knowing that I've become flighty? Did I choose to abandon everyone, the way I've been abandoned by all the friends I knew growing up? Did I do something I'm not aware of to cause those friends to never say hello, or see how my fleeting health had become? I've thought so much, trying to find reasons among every memory I have. Trying to find the destruction I had caused to make people lose all desire to keep in touch. Despite the chance-happen of my life continuing, I catch myself wondering if I would be alive had I chosen different friends to send my farewell to. Something completely unfair and lacking comparable circumstance.
 I've been trying to find myself since I was released from the clinic. Trying to find a purpose to thrive, strong enough to stop turning on myself with every though. Yet, the more I think and try to find me in this mess, the worse I see myself through the eyes of those that know me.
 I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, following my attempt. I'm able to laugh at things I find humorous, yet little makes me ""feel"" happy. I hate myself for feeling no pleasure in the company of those who mean the most, my friends. I hate myself for acting in such a way that makes me seem happy, when I'm not.
 I don't know what to expect of this post as I don't even know the goal of it."
It's been a full year of taking my medication regularly!  Close  14  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  It's been a full year of taking my medication regularly!  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder since I was 13. After irregularly taking meds and seeing a psych on and off for 6 years, I finally decided to get serious. I'm 20 and I've never worked a 40hr week due to my mental health, but I want to work hard for myself and I can't without putting my mental health first. Here's to personal growth.
"It's been a while. Just checking in.  Close  4  Posted by  3 months ago  It's been a while. Just checking in.  Here's my check-in. I try to post about my experiences and hope it helps someone.
 I've been doing good for the last few months. My last post was over 200 days ago. We'll that changed last night. As I was laying in bed I started getting that sad, sinking feeling in my chest. Not for any particular reason. It just happens sometimes. Unfortunately when it does happen, there isn't much I can do. I start crying and thinking about things that have happened in my Childhood. I have a very hard time discussing this with anyone in person but here I feel like there are people this can help so it's a little easier. I'm a middle aged male and have been diagnosed with Major Depression Severe with PTSD and Anxiety. Anyway. When I start feeling like this the only way I can get out of if is I have to force myself to get up and do something that takes my mind off of it. Even if it's just watching TV. Luckily this worked last night."
"It's got a hold on me and won't let go  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  It's got a hold on me and won't let go  So. I am going to start writing here every once in a while. It seemed to help last time so hopefully it will again.
 More about me...
 Well. I'm middle aged living in the U.S. I've been diagnosed with Major Depression - Severe whatever that means. All I know is it just hit me one day. I'm sure I've had it all my life but never really caught on to it. I still have days when I wish I had control over it but I don't and never think I will.
 Anyways. Today's bit about me is that I'm in an awesome relationship right now. I should be verry happy but I'm not. There are just some things that people say that I'm sure they don't think it is a big deal but when someone suggests that they are going to leave you because of something that is mostly out of your control and part of your depression is from abandonment issues it sticks. It was suggested over 2 months ago and the words are fresh in my head. I could make the change requested happen but it would affect multiple people. But my SO doesn't get it. They think I can just make this change and not feel even worse afterwards. If I make this change I will be abandoning people. I thought that relationships were about compromise and understanding and I'm willing to do my part but there are steps that need to be made. Now I feel threatened and even though it hasn't happened yet I already feel like my SO would abandon me. I have felt betrayed and hurt since my SO said that they would leave if the situation didn't change.
 Thanks for listening"
"It's kind of loud in my head at times  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  It's kind of loud in my head at times  TL/DR: I have depressing/anxious/suicidal thoughts. Looking for advice/tips on how to make it less intimidating
 I'm looking for any advice that can help me curb the noise in my head. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, high anxiety, PTSD, ADHD and maybe psychosis. We're not 100% sure on the last one yet.
 So, I'll go through my normal day and use music, video games, tv shows or anything of the like to try and distract me from my own head. Sometimes it works well and I can function kind of normal. Most of the time, though, it's been setting me on the thought process of why can't I function like a normal person. Why can't I make my wife happy? Why can't I keep my bills paid? Why can't I focus and remember things?
 There's just so much noise going on in my head that I just want it to stop. I have a therapist that I see weekly, and I haven't done any self harm, but I have put holes in walls. I don't fantasize about suicide, but I do consider it a few times a day.
 I just was wondering what people here do to help keep it under check. I know that I will have to live with this for the rest of my life, but if I can just make it a little less intimidating, maybe I won't consider suicide as often."
It's my birthday today! Say something positive?  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  It's my birthday today! Say something positive?  I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and whatever positive you'll say will make me feel better,
"I've been better. Here's a self-serving cry for attention because I can't get it elsewhere.  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I've been better. Here's a self-serving cry for attention because I can't get it elsewhere.  I've been diagnosed with major depression and general anxiety disorder. The doctor really wants it to just be social anxiety, but when it's still there when I'm alone that kind of shoots a hole in his desired diagnosis. I'm on 100mg Pristiq and 300mg Wellbutrin per day, and 10mg Valium twice per day as needed. I've also recently started seeing a counselor but I'm not seeing much good from it. I'm really not seeing much good from any of it right now.
 I just went through a divorce after 10 years of marriage. Luckily no kids involved. I paid for my ex-wife to finish school and get weight loss surgery, then she filed for a divorce as soon as she got a better-paying job. I'm still paying for her surgery because she used land that I inherited from my parents as collateral to pay for it. I hope that the 10 year cocoon I built for her turns her into a beautiful butterfly and she flies far, far away.
 I'm not in such a good shape. Even with the doctors, the meds, going to church, keeping busy at work, and sleeping for unhealthy amounts of time I'm still drained. It's like there's nothing left to look forward to, no good memories to look back on, and every day is the same ugly mess over and over again. I've been fighting with this since I was eight years old, and every bright spot in life is immediately followed up by the deepest dark void to swallow it up and make it worthless. I'm sitting here clutching at a pile of dust that was supposed to be my life, trying to make it take just enough shape to get by one more day.
 I've had bouts of rage. All this inwardly-directed torture I've inflicted on myself suddenly boiling out, directed at the people who have caused me pain. It's not often, but when they happen it's like I can't stop. I've been isolating myself from my family and society because I'm seriously afraid of what I may do if it happens again. I'm accustomed to wanting myself to die. I can handle that, because I've had 30 years of practice in not allowing it to happen and plenty of meds to deal with that. I don't know what I will do if that same rage and violence is turned outward onto someone else.
 I can't admit any of this to my doctor without being involuntarily committed. That will ruin what's left of my life. All I have left is my job, and that will go away if they know. I've never harmed myself or anyone else, and I have no intention to do so, but the thoughts are still there.
 This is honestly the worst it's ever been. I'm alone, heartbroken, and have no direction. All my friends are gone or have families to look after and no time for me being a Debbie Downer. It's like everything has fallen apart around me and the only thing pushing me through each day is pharmaceuticals. Where do I go from here?
 Why do I ask questions no one can answer? Sorry. At least I got it off my chest."
"I've been diagnosed with major depression (at 13yo) and BPD (at 29yo). I have trouble maintaining friendships and find that I often sabotage romantic relationships subconsciously. Does this chart tell you anything about me that I could work on to help myself?  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  I've been diagnosed with major depression (at 13yo) and BPD (at 29yo). I have trouble maintaining friendships and find that I often sabotage romantic relationships subconsciously. Does this chart tell you anything about me that I could work on to help myself?  3 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  level 1   🌚Professional Astrologer🌞  2 points   ·    2 months ago  Hey :)
 If any of your hopes and wishes are centered around relationships, there could be self-sabotaging going on. Your 12th house is ruled by Scorpio (and the 12th house deals with self-sabotage among other things) and the ruler of the 12th, Pluto, falls in the 11th (which deals with hopes and wishes, friends, groups, etc). Do you have issues with feeling that you lose yourself in groups/with friends, etc? By that I mean do you tend to value these people more than you value yourself, maybe knowing this about yourself and then sort of sabotaging the relationship to try and retrieve yourself? This may all be done more unconsciously than consciously, if the case.
 With the ruler of the 11th (Venus Retrograde) in the 2nd (involved in a whole conjunction of planets), I might think that there is some lack of self value (in knowing what you actually do love and value about yourself), instead looking for this from other people too much (with the retrograde motion of Venus). Venus in Capricorn is a stable place, but in retrograde may lack that internal stability in terms of value and loving itself (and it’s conjunct Saturn). This can make someone feel “unlovable,” but you really do have the ability to have staying power in all sorts of relationships. You just need to love yourself and know what you value first and foremost.
 Your chart ruler is also in retrograde (Jupiter in the 7th). Beliefs in things dealing with intimate relationships will be important to you this time around, in forming your own beliefs about them without a whole bunch of outside interference.
 I have a blog post about retrograde planets, if you want to check it out :)
  https://saturnseason.com/2019/12/10/planets-in-retrograde/"
I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety and as a result have been given some time off work. However the thought of going back to work fills me with anxiety and stress. No one knows why I have been off and I feel like people may think I was just lying to take time off work. I feel horrible about it. Anyone any tips to make the experience a bit more smoother
I've been diagnosed with Major Depression. It seems no matter what meds I take it doesn't improve. Which is how I wound up on these 3. I take 60mg Cymbalta, 900mg Lithium, and 5mg Abilify. I was just wondering if anyone has taken these 3 meds or meds like them together? Did it help? Also does anyone have any idea what the risk would be of drinking alcohol for one day. Since I started the meds I stopped drinking, but I have been wondering how bad the effect would be of drinking for one day.
"I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disoder and Social Phobia, and after reading how the ""disorders"" in the DSM are decided- I feel lied to.  Close  0  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disoder and Social Phobia, and after reading how the ""disorders"" in the DSM are decided- I feel lied to.  The way a disorder is created in the DSM is that a group of people VOTE on a set of symptoms and just give it a name. I thought these things had some basis in real bio-chemical evidence. Instead, I fit 9 out of 10 of the symptoms for what psychology calls ""depression"", but the cause of my emotions is completely unaddresed. This completely leaves out the possibility that I am depressed because my life is legitimately depressing, and not because of any chemical imbalance at all. How am I to know?
 I say this as someone whose grandfather and father have PhDs in psychology. I understand that psychology is not entirely bullshit, but I believed these diagnoses for at least three years now, and after finding out how my ""illness"" is determined- I feel like I've completely misunderstood the nature of my distress. I may very well have issues on a bio-chemical basis, but I feel like I'll never know unless I get some kind of brain scan.
 Having said all this, I will still see my psychiatrist just to keep getting medication. But now I feel like I'm just getting legalized drugs, and that's what this whole experience is really about."
I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and I feel so guilty for being sad when I have nothing to be sad about. I just am. Why can't I get up and force myself to be happy? I don't know. I just can't. I feel like a hopeless case, my meds aren't working and I want to be dead. I'm making plans again, I just hope I don't get caught this time. I don't know how much more of this I can take
I've been dreaming about suicide for the past weeks.  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  I've been dreaming about suicide for the past weeks.  I'm diagnosed with major depression with suicidal ideations, im under medication, sertraline and quetiapine to be precise. Anyways, my dreams are becoming so surreal that in one of my dreams, i slit my own throat,me being afraid of gushing blood (but not blood exactly) woke up habing chills in my body. On my other dreams or maybe most of my dreams, I remember i was contemplating on committing the act itself, in one dream i was in front of a noose crying, next is i was holding a loaded gun and one i was standing next to a cliff. I want my life to get better but does this dreams mean im meeting my inevitable end?? Should i be concerned about this?
"I've been in a mental hospital twice in the past ten months. AMA  Close  5  Posted by  1 month ago  I've been in a mental hospital twice in the past ten months. AMA  I've been diagnosed with major depression, general anxiety disorder, and obsessive compulsive disorder. My doctors say I may have PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder.) Both times for a suicide attempt. Yes, they were both different hospitals.
 I'll do my best to answer your questions, especially for those of you who, like me, suffer from suicidal thoughts and depression. I wanted to do this AMA because I know that some people don't always think of what happens if their plans fail. Don't go through this thread if this upsets you."
"I've made it more than two weeks so I feel I deserve to WallOfText  Close  3  Posted by   906 days   3 years ago  Archived  I've made it more than two weeks so I feel I deserve to WallOfText  I lost my job some 4 months ago, and as I was trying to apply for a new one it was the beginning of the Holidays, so even though I did apply to everything I could I didn't get anything. Now it's the middle of January and I still don't have a job. I haven't had any money, like, ANY money, for three weeks. My savings got spent up finally. I'm just eating whatever I can find around the house. Ran out of cheese yesterday.
 When I think about the fact that I am still unemployed I feel suicidal. It's not a new feeling. I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, but I take antidepressants to deal with the suicidal thoughts. Today I took the last pill in the bottle.
 I worked as a dishwasher at my friends restaurant on New Years. I miss working so much! Even doing dishes feels better than sitting around the house applying for jobs and not getting them.
 Part of me wants to sell all my stuff and go back to Austin, where I've lived for the last 10 years. I just moved to Chicago in the middle of last year. But part of me wants to drink some beers and jump off a bridge.
 Anyways, I'm still alive but been having no luck lately. I am sober at least, but not even that feels like anything that useful at this point. What's the point in being sober if you are useless?
 I'm sure I'll be fine BTW. I've lived through a lot before. This time just feels like the hardest. Happy Thursday y'all."
"I've weighed up my options, and it looks like I'm screwed either way. If I leave the job, I will have no purpose or direction, or structure in life anymore since I don't have qualifications or enough work experience to begin any career. I will likely spend every day stuck in bed, depressed, oversleeping, overeating. I won't be able to afford the driving lessons I so desperately want. I wont be able to afford anything at all for that matter. I will have to continue Universal Credit to be able to afford to eat, but it is barely enough to get me through the month, and there is not enough left for hobbies or...anything to keep me sane. (btw before anyone bashes me for having lived off of benefits, I have had mental health issuessince I was 15. I try I honestly do, and I don't want to live this way but the way I feel on the inside makes it so difficult for me to live a normal self sustainable life).
 I am lucky enough to live with my mom, who occasionally threatens to kick me out, so it's not exactly a stable situation, but its ok for now. I don't have any responsibilities or obligations. So in other words, if I don't work, I will become extremely depressed and feel useless (as I would be), as I did before. I would have no aim or dorection in life.
 If I stay at this job, I will be working towards my dream of becoming a science teacher, and having a positive impact on childrens lives. Inspiring them to reach for the stars and to do their best in life. Its an apprenticeship so I will get a qualification at the end, I could be an au pair in the USA if I wanted to, I could go to any country and get work with the experience. The possibilities are endless.
 The problem is that I have severe social anxiety, I feel worthless among my colleagues. My boss and the nursery owner is a bitch who has embarassed me in front of everyone on more than one occasion. I just feel very inept, awkward, and in the way. I can't hold a conversation, and even if I could, when I try to talk to my colleagues sometimes they'll pretend they can't even hear me so I'm left standing there like an idiot talking to myself.
 Also, I am doing overtime almost every day, whenever someone asks me to do something I can't find it in me to say no, I'm not capable of being assertive. I haven't even brought up pay for the overtime I've done, and my boss hasn't brought it up either (its in my contract that I should be paid for overtime) I know that I must sign some sort of form to claim overtime but I have to ask about it, and I feel like my boss will think I'm greedy or something for asking to be paid for overtime even though it's my right.
 The hours are insane. I start at 7:15 am and finish at 4:30 in week A, then in week B I start at 9 and finish at 6pm. Because the nursery is such a distance from me, I have to wake up at like 5am and leave at about 5:45 to get there for 7:15, then because I have to do overtime every day, I finish some days at like 5:30pm when I 'mmeant to finish at 4:30pm. It takes 2 hours to get home depending on traffic, and by the time I'm home I dont have time to do anything but sleep because I'm so exhausted. Then by the time I wake up its the same shit all over again. I've been there a week and I'm already fed up of the cycle. It's making me depressed thinkingof going there.
 I called in sick today because I need a break. I'm not used to this kind of living. I'm not used to working full time, having responsibilities, facing my fears, being around people all day. Especially people I feel inept around. I'm 23 but I feel like a stupid kid around my colleagues. There is even a 16 year old apprentice there who seems more mature and stable headed than I do.
 I guess I'm just asking wtf I should do? The possibilities if I stay would mean I have a great future, and I think I know deep down that it is what I must do, but how do I cope with all the negative stuff? I am diagnosed with clinical depression, social anxiety and general anxiety, my anxiety is through the roof needless to say when I am working. I just don't know how to cope.
 I'm starting to feel like the best thing to do is just end it all, then I won't have to make a decision. Plus I've come to the realisation that if I can't keep this job, and have quit 7+ (not kidding) jobs prematurely in the past, maybe I'll never be able to hold a job and it's just not meant to be...
 Also Ihave NO time for my 1 year old dog now. He is in the house all day alone because my mom could really care less about him or his needs other than him being fed and washed, she doesn't walk him or anything, only I do that so now I have no time and that makes me feel so bad. I have Mondays, and weekends off I guess, but I don't know if it's enough."
"Just got my heart crushed.  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Just got my heart crushed.  A throwaway. First, I want to say that I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and am currently taking SSRIs for it (which have been a big help). I've been feeling better than previously for the most part, but certain events I go through still have the capacity to pull me back in. Tonight was one of those events.
 Lately, I've been talking to/hooking up occasionally with a guy. It wasn't just a sexual thing because we'd also hang out for fun. Well, last night, he calls me to hang out (he was really close to where I was at the time). Of course, since I had a crush on him, I go over. And there he is, all over a random girl he met at the bar. He was incredibly drunk but also acted like he wasn't doing anything that would hurt me. I promptly got up to leave and slammed the door on the way out.
 I'm crushed, but this kind of thing isn't new. I feel like this happens every time I begin to get to know someone/like someone. After a certain number of attempted encounters in finding someone that would actually care, I begin to wonder if it's  me.  Surely there must be something wrong with me. I'm not worth any better. I'm not worthy of having someone care about me.
 I feel so shitty. Sorry for the useless post."
"Just Needing To Vent (Med withdrawals)  Close  6  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Just Needing To Vent (Med withdrawals)  I have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety since around age 12/13. I was placed on venlafaxine at that point. I have been on/off this medication and other antidepressants for years. I am now almost 28 years old. I took a DNA test to show which antidepressants would show to work the best for me based on the DNA results. Turns out that the venlafaxine is one of the medications which does not work well. So now I am in the process of withdrawing from the venlaxfaxine and switching over to Zoloft.
 I was taking 300mg of venlafaxine daily. I was advised to take 150mg x 7 days. I did that with out too much issue... some crying and anxiety. Started noticing tremors on day 4.
 Today, 8/13 I was advised to drop my dose down to 112.5mg. I started taking Zoloft 50mg on 8/12. I noticed that my tremors are worse, anxiety is heightened, some periods of feeling SOB (probably anxiety related), extreme fatigue, twitching while sleeping, sensitivity to sunlight, brain fog, head feels like it's not attached to my body.
 I'm not sure how much longer I can stand these withdraws. I have to work and I know it's going to be difficult for me to do this while working. I'm also PMS-ing which doesn't help anything. I feel miserable."
"Just quit CT; support/advice/encouragement would be massively appreciated  Close  6  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Just quit CT; support/advice/encouragement would be massively appreciated  Hello. New to this sub and Reddit generally (not really my niche), but I'm here because I don't know where else to find support from people who know what this shit is like.
  
 Was dosing about 30gpd since the beginning of Feb 2018, split into 3 doses of 10mg (morning, afternoon/evening/nighttime), white strains only (somehow the only ones that worked for me). Was previously an alcoholic (9-10 drinks daily), then switched to heroin maintenance drugs, then found prescription opiates, and now I'm here (been taking prescribed Klonopin throughout it all, as well as Xanax sometimes). I don't think I've ever gone three consecutive days without substance use of any sort in the last 4-5 years (am 26 right now).
  
 And I think there's a reason for that. Along with the substance abuse disorder, I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (on 150mg Zoloft currently) and an unspecified Anxiety Disorder (although the anxiety is CHRONIC). My brain doesn't know what to do when it's sober. I'm agnostic, and a nihilist, and I feel disconnected from everyone and everything around me, and I have no idea what I want to do with my life, and this all culminates in making me feel like absolute shit and overwhelmingly fearful, so I've used alcohol and other drugs to push those thoughts away and keep them from re-surfacing. I haven't used Kratom in 5 days (hooray), but even now I take Xanax on occasion to ease me through the CT WDs (little sister administers it to me and has it hidden). It's not smart. I know. But when I'm totally sober my body goes into this debilitating state of chronic panic and fear and confusion and I'm rendered almost functionless. And I just don't know what to do. I quit CT at the beginning of my Thanksgiving break. But I'm so nervous for work tomorrow as it'll be the first day in almost a year that I haven't been dosing. Does/did anyone here ever feel like Kratom/other drugs actually made them more functional, or even a better person overall? That's where I'm at. I feel like sober me is awkward, stupid, unable to function, a shitty friend, etc.
  
 Anyways. Rambling. Since quitting, the worst WD has been the pressing need to thrash around in bed (literally every part of my body) for hours, and I've had to resort to the aforementioned benzos to help me fall asleep. (I know, bad. I'm planning on going off them soon. But that's a whole nother thing). I eat about once a day and almost always throw up my meal, but I don't have body image issues. My appetite's just fucked up, and was  while using (I vomited more while using actually). Anxiety and depression have become more severe, but I also think that has to do with the emotional come-down of my Thanksgiving break being over and leaving my family to return to routine. I've also had chronic diarrhea despite my lack of food intake.
  
 So. WDs all sound in the realm of Kratom withdrawal, and any personal tips for coping? Any advice for someone who's severely depressed and hopeless at the beginning of this process, overwhelmed with the fear that they'll never be able to be a functional human being without any substance use? How do you cope with the anhedonia and lack of pleasure in almost everything?
  
 Whether you respond or not, thank you for reading thus far. I need help."
"Klonopin vs. Seroquel  Clonazepam  Close  3  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Klonopin vs. Seroquel  Clonazepam  Hi, as the title reads, I'm currently prescribed 2mg a day of kpin and have been so for a year. I abuse it here and there but haven't blacked out in months. I also take Kratom almost everyday and it's extremely helpful in those few days at the end of the month where I'm out/or rationing before a refill.
 I also take 200mg of zolaft a day, am diagnosed with major depression, and panic disorder.
 However, to my somewhat not complete surprise, my psych wants to switch me from my Klonopin/Ambien regiment (kpin for daily anxiety/panic attacks and Ambien for sleep) with Seroquel or Olanzapine. He told me he recognizes that despite their potential for anxiety/sleep help, that it would help me gain weight, but overall would be a pretty ""off-label"" way to use one of the two medications. I am curious, I know that neither are habit forming, but is one better for anxiety/sleep than the other; is there one I should push for over the other?
 Finally, I'm rather terrified of leaving benzodiazepines behind. My psych has confirmed that I would have a supply for ""as-needed"" usage, but that will obviously be much less than my current use. I am also at the tail-end of an opiate addiction, which further scares me here. I heard Seroquel can be good for opiate PAWS, is this a blessing wrapped in disguise so I can become non-dependent (opioid: strong emotional, benzo: physical and emotional) on both agents of drugs ?
 Side note, if you've made it this far, thank you! And one final question :) Could I push for staying on the Ambien once I'm fully off kpin and on Seroquel ?"
"Klonopin vs. Seroquel (plz help me ;()  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Klonopin vs. Seroquel (plz help me ;()  Hi, as the title reads, I'm currently prescribed 2mg a day of kpin and have been so for a year. I abuse it here and there but haven't blacked out in months. I also take Kratom almost everyday and it's extremely helpful in those few days at the end of the month where I'm out/or rationing before a refill.
 I also take 200mg of zolaft a day, am diagnosed with major depression, and panic disorder.
 However, to my somewhat not complete surprise, my psych wants to switch me from my Klonopin/Ambien regiment (kpin for daily anxiety/panic attacks and Ambien for sleep) with Seroquel or Olanzapine. He told me he recognizes that despite their potential for anxiety/sleep help, that it would help me gain weight, but overall would be a pretty ""off-label"" way to use one of the two medications. I am curious, I know that neither are habit forming, but is one better for anxiety/sleep than the other; is there one I should push for over the other?
 Finally, I'm rather terrified of leaving benzodiazepines behind. My psych has confirmed that I would have a supply for ""as-needed"" usage, but that will obviously be much less than my current use. I am also at the tail-end of an opiate addiction, which further scares me here. I heard Seroquel can be good for opiate PAWS, is this a blessing wrapped in disguise so I can become non-dependent (opioid: strong emotional, benzo: physical and emotional) on both agents of drugs ?
 Side note, if you've made it this far, thank you! And one final question :) Could I push for staying on the Ambien once I'm fully off kpin and on Seroquel ?"
"Lazy/Weak Vs. Mental Illness  Close  8  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Lazy/Weak Vs. Mental Illness  I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and ADHD.  I can clearly remember feeling overly anxious as a child.  My second grade teacher was the first to notice.  My parents found the notion ridiculous (I don't blame them, I had the most perfect childhood).  They took my teacher's observation seriously, and continued to be the supportive parents I have always had.  I honestly didn't learn about this until I was 17 or 18 years old.  I had no idea my teacher thought I was depressed.  It hadn't occurred to me that I was at that age.  Looking back, I'm sure I was.  I've had suicidal feelings as a teenager, and even sometimes as an adult.  I'm a logical and rational person (usually), and have always kept it together enough to rationalize my way out of those self destructive behaviors.  Don't get me wrong, I'm plenty destructive, but I'm a relatively high functioning individual.  
 I've been depressed lately.  I usually don't talk about this sort of thing with my friends.  I feel like it sounds whiny, needy, desperate, attention seeking, pathetic, and also...I don't want their advice.  It somehow makes things worse.  The two people, Carla and Christian are my best friends.  They know everything about me.  One could argue, they know me better than I know myself.  Other than my child, I place my relationship with them above little else.    
 Against my better judgement I decided to tell my friends about my current, and particularity bad depressive episode I'm in the midst of.  I decided to share after I snapped at them one day.  They asked what I did one Sunday afternoon.  I responded with something along the lines of, ""Why?  So you two can talk even more shit?""  Waste no time on pondering if I'm just being paranoid.  I'm not.  They are.  If I decided to explore the issue of them not including me in conversations about me, they would say, ""Its nothing I wouldn't say to your face,"" (I believe that to be somewhat true) or ""Its not like we haven't all done that to one another at some point,"" (again, also true).  Carla said I was being way too defensive.  I told them I have been going through a rough patch (depressive episode) and that it was difficult to talk about.  Christian's insensitive response was, ""All of this because I asked you what you were doing yesterday?""  I'm still SO angry about that comment by the way.  I ignored it to keep the conversation productive, but it irks me.  Carla was nice about it.  She invited me to lunch.  She said that she should have been a better friend.  I told her it wasn't her fault.  It was no ones fault but my own.  I told her it felt like I liked her and Christian more than they like me.  I cried.  I told her it was difficult to get help.  I told her I know I need to make changes to better my situation, but making those changes are easier said than done.  
 Changing my meds is a really scary concept.  They have a profound affect on my mood.  Going without my meds, I get angry, sad, and sometimes start crying for no reason and can't stop.  I am afraid I'll say things I'll regret or do things that will ruin my life.  Blowing up at work, crying at work (or anywhere in public), being not so nice to friends and family, or being more depressed and tired than I am now, are risks that I will have to take if I want to try a new medication.  It takes weeks for you to figure out if they are working.  If they don't work, I'm afraid of what I might do.  I need to exercise, have a sleep schedule, eat healthy, avoid screen time, read, and find fulfilling hobbies.  I need to avoid alcohol and cigarettes, and spend more time outside.  I  know  the cure for depression.  Deciding to do what I need to do, is quite another.  I don't want to do any of those things.  So here is where I wrestle with myself.
 I have my BA in Psychology.  I have been taught that mental illness does not mean weakness.  I can regurgitate everything a therapist would say.  ""You aren't lazy, you're depressed.""  ""It is a common misconception that people with depression and ADHD are lazy.""  (**Despite the quotation marks, I am not quoting anyone.  I'm just generalizing things I've read and heard on a multitude of platforms over the years.**)  Hearing that I'm not lazy is such a relief...sometimes.  I don't know that I believe it.  I get that labeling a disorder makes it easier to treat.  One can find common ground with others going through the same things.  Behavioral scientists can build treatment plans, and map out behavior patterns.  On the other hand, would I be the way I am if I didn't know about my depression diagnosis?  I guess people who have to work hard every day to gather/hunt for food, carry and/or process water to drink, and maintain shelter every day wouldn't even think twice about being depressed.  It seems like a luxury afforded to the privileged.  My great grandma wouldn't have said in a million years she was ""depressed"" while bringing up her eight children.  She simply didn't have the time.
 If I KNOW what I have to do to feel better, and CHOOSE not to, doesn't that make me lazy?  Stupid?  Depression makes us tired.  Well I can get up and go to work because I ""have to"".  Why can't I decide I need to go for a run?  Don't I ""have to"" go on that run, just as much as I need to go to work?  If I know that a brisk walk will improve my mood, help me loose weight, help to relieve the fatigue I feel, why don't I do it?  I know better.  I drink wine.  I eat fast food.  I sit on my ass all day sometimes.  I know better.  I know what to do.  Yet, I still don't.  Lazy or depressed?  Depressed because I'm lazy?  Lazy because I'm depressed?  Depressed because I eat, or eat because I'm depressed.  Its a chicken or the egg question.  
 There is a difference between depression sufferers and depression over-comers.  What is the difference between the two?  In my case I have support, I have enough money (usually), I have a home, food, and clean water.  I am blessed with a higher education and a safe, happy childhood.  This leads me to believe that I am too lazy to change.  Perhaps Christian is right to scoff at my self-induced problems.  
 So here's what.  I know I'm being perceived as being lazy.  I think I am being lazy.  I know what to do in order to change.  I need to change to be a better parent, employee, family member, and friend.  The things that mean the most to me; family, friends, and my job...haven't been enough to make me change.  Perhaps I have just resolved my own query.  That's what makes lazy and depressed people different.  When everything is all on the line - at the most basic level of personal happiness - we still remain stuck in our cycle of feelings of worthlessness -->  idleness -->  guilt --> anxiety --> self induced social isolation --> despair --> self hatred -->  worthlessness  --> idleness.  You get it.  I made up my own flow chart just now...off the cuff.  I have no doubts that other like-minded individuals would make up their own flow chart of very similar emotions.
 If you've made it through this far and have feedback, I very much look forward to reading it.  
 **I am NOT looking for sympathy...hell, not even empathy. 
 ** I am NOT in danger of hurting myself or others."
Life  Close  5  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Life  As a child I was always sad.I went to a therapist when I was only eight years old and I was diagnosed with depression. Now I'm 18 years old and I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder. It's not something that has came and left. I've always had depression and it just seems to be getting worse.
"Life Advice: Weighing Pros & Cons of Continuing ADHD Meds to Manage Symptoms  Close  1  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Life Advice: Weighing Pros & Cons of Continuing ADHD Meds to Manage Symptoms  Background Info: I'm a female in my late-20s with diagnosed ADHD. I was diagnosed with ADHD in my teens, took Adderall on and off for a couple of years, and re-diagnosed 4+ years ago with ADHD.
  
 As far as ADHD medications and symptoms, Adderall/Vyvanse have been generally effective, though not at all perfect. At the moment, I'm on Vyvanse 50 mg in the morning and Adderall IR 10 mg in the afternoon. Yes, I've been on other ADHD medications. Name it, I've tried and ""failed"" on it, the worse being Straterra (increased my depression into a major depressive episode) and Wellbutrin (severe body/facial tremors, anxiety, and depression). This has been my regimen since the fall of 2015. I don't have plans on increasing the dosage, but as I said, it's not perfect.
  
 I've found over the years that medication alone isn't enough to ""fix"" my ADHD symptoms. I know; SHOCKING conclusion that I'm sure nobody diagnosed with ADHD has EVER considered. I still seemingly struggle a little more than others to accomplish things. For the most part, I still generally struggle with:
   Lack of internal motivation to do simple things like clean up a little or anything, really.
   Organization for sustained periods of time. I try to make it a habit, but I don't know how other people do it. I really, really don't. It's so difficult, and I try really hard to be organized, but somewhere along the way, something happens and my papers for work are all over the place, my car is a disaster, I don't know where I put things. It snowballs, and it still takes me some time to re-organize it.
   I still usually wait until the last minute to do most things, especially if they're boring and simple because boring and simple tasks have always caused mild-to-moderate anxiety for me. I don't know if anyone else has this issue, but this stems back to when I was a young child. I don't know how others do things they don't want to do everyday without losing their minds. I asked my non-ADHD brother, and he says he just does it. I don't understand! WHAT IS THIS GIFT OTHERS HAVE?!
   Something else, but I forgot.
   My sense of time still sucks. I try to make use of alarms as much as possible.
   Lack some control over my impulses. For instance, I still have to exert more cognitive effort to not blurt out my thoughts especially when the conversation turns to something that interests me, or interrupt others because I will likely lose the thought within the next couple of seconds, and holding on to thoughts while listening to them speak exerts MORE cognitive effort than I can knowingly handle without losing total focus on the point of the conversation.
   Other things. The point is, medication hasn't ""fixed"" all of these areas. It has lessened some of the struggle because the struggle is continuously real. My focus is usually better on them, and sometimes it helps my motivation to at least try to accomplish things. I'm also less ""spacey"" and easily distracted, which is nice. When I'm on them, it requires less cognitive effort to be aware, so I tend to think before doing anything that is impulsive (ex: shopping, usually talking or oversharing, whatever).They do help me organize my thoughts more coherently, except in post because I'm coming down from them and I really don't want to organize my thoughts. I'm a counselor, just got home from work, and insert another excuse here.
    
 There are downsides, though, strictly from the medication itself like feeling ""flat"" on them, not feeling nearly as creative, etc. Off of them, while I am very reactive to things that are happening around me, I sometimes like FEELING something. Sometimes I have mild anxiety about this emotional ""flatness"". Sometimes I have anxiety in general because I'm an adult with poor ADHD management skills beyond medication; whether or not the medication worsens that, I don't know.
  
 For several months, I've been deliberating whether or not to taper off of my ADHD medications, while learning how to effectively manage my ADHD symptoms on my own. My fiancé and I want to have children in the next 2-3 years. I would rather not risk being on medications at all if I can manage my symptoms on my own to the best of my abilities. None of the ADHD medications I've taken have been perfect. Though they have assisted somewhat in helping me be more aware of my ADHD-ness in the moment, I often think I've lost my spark. Emotional flatness is also really not desirable to me. I've been told I sound monotone and am ""encyclopedic"" when discussing areas of interest throughout my life, but stimulants have taken that to another level of robotic-type behavior. Faking emotional expressions is uncomfortable, so this can increase my anxiety in social situations. However, I am afraid of my ADHD symptoms worsening, feeling overwhelmed to keep up with controlling ADHD symptoms on my own as an adult and failing, experiencing increased depression/anxiety because I am diagnosed with major depression and generalized anxiety disorder as well. ADHD stimulants don't effectively treat either one, honestly, at least in my case. It can indirectly help ease anxiety and depression related to the consequences of my ADHD symptoms, though. Feeling emotionally flat, however, generally sucks, especially as a counselor who really does care.
  
 So, here is major point of the post: If you were in my situation or have been in a similar situation, what would you do or how would you determine the best course of action for you? Have you had similar experiences on ADHD medications that led to you questioning whether it was worth being on them? Do you have any other advice for me or something to point out that I may not have considered? Do you have any additional questions about something or require further clarification before providing input?
  
 TL;DR I'm in my late-20s. I am questioning the pros and cons of using medication to manage my ADHD and deliberating whether or not to taper off and try to take control of it, myself. Additionally, my fiancé and I want to have children in the next 2-3 years, and I do not want to be on medication if I can help it while pregnant. I fear failure if I taper off of it and attempt take control of it, which could contribute to my generalized anxiety and major depression. I am looking for advice and support from those with similar experiences. Thank you, even if you just took the time to read some of my rambling."
Loneliness and sex camming  Close  1  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Loneliness and sex camming  I don't cam as much as I used to. I used to cam every single day when I had no friends and felt lonely often. I stopped camming after I told myself that it wasn't healthy and it was making me feel worse. Once I did therapy for depression (I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and OCD), felt better and got more social, I stopped doing it for months... but then I started again once I felt lonely. Usually I come to realize that I have no friends and no one cares about me, so I fall back into the cycle. It wasn't as often.. Maybe once every few weeks. I think what made it so destructive is that I would cam with people that I didn't want to cam with. It was more like self-harm than pleasure. My main problems are depression, fear of rejection and loneliness. Loneliness triggers my depression and that makes my fear of rejection worse. There were moments in my life where I did feel like I had control over myself and those were the times when I did not engage in any destructive behaviour. I had people in my life to talk to and feel close to, but once they left or once I thought they were not interested and I was a burden to them, I fell back into loneliness and depression... Then I relapse into camming. You see, my depression sometimes comes with major horniness, uncomfortable anxiety and very strong urges and obsessions. I could cam for 8 hours straight and finish 10 times and still feel aggressively horny. Sometimes I get so horny I feel more confident and hit on guys in person which I NEVER do. But I regret it later and fall into even more depression, anger, lethargy and disgust with myself. Other times I don't feel horny when I am depressed, just no energy. It feels so wrong knowing that I did things on cam that I didn't want to.. Like I violated myself. Any advice? I know that I should be talking about this in therapy, but I just want to hear what others think. I really want to live a healthy and stable life with normal relationships :(
"Lonely, depressed and tired. [My story/my vent thread]  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Lonely, depressed and tired. [My story/my vent thread]  First of all. Im terribly sorry for making this thread and im not entierly sure it it's okay according to the rules to make a thread like this. But I really needed to vent out and since I have nowhere to do it I thought I should give it a try atleast.
 Secondly. Sorry if I make grammatical misstakes. English is not my primary language.
 For as long as I can remember I have been depressed. Im currently 24-years-old which alot of you will still consider young or even a kid. Two years ago I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder which made me unable to work. I was working as a technician when friend of mine convinced me too see a psychiatrist since I had told him about my long lasting depression which landed me in ""Emergency Mental Care"" (not sure that is the english name for it) where I was keept locked up for 2 days until they could diagnose me and make sure I wasnt a danger for myself or anyone else. They gave me pills that were suppose to help me feel happy,sleep and not get panic attacks.
 They didnt help and due to the health care system being messed up in my country I was written out as ""cured"" when I left with my pills and must thus start from scratch if I want to get help again. My family didnt take my diagnosis serious and just thought I was being sad because something had happened. I was forced to work even when my psychiatrist had written a note that I wasnt capable of working and should be treated for my depression instead. For my whole life I have been hiding my depression from my family and when I actually got a diagnosis they didnt believe me. One of the reasons why I dont get myself locked up again is because I feel that it would hurt people around me which is the last thing I want. It's also the reason why I have been keeping myself from killing myself for all these years.
 I have been tempted to end it all several times and recently those thoughts keep popping up more and more.
 I have been struggling with my depression since I was little, around 6 or 7-years-old. And I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, OCD, Paranoia and anxiety.
 I feel lonely, depressed and tired all the time. I feel I have no one I can talk to since if I would share my pain with someone else I would just bring them down which I dont want.
 Over the years I have helped people who have been feeling the same way or even worse. I have taken them in when nobody else wanted and helped them improve to the point where they can be happy. But when they reach that point they leave.
 I dont mind though.  Making other people happy somehow makes me feel whole and fills the void inside. When I was 14 I started talking to this nice girl over the internet. She lived on the other side of the country so we couldnt meet on a daily basis but we made sure to text/call every day. She was also in alot of pain. Not only was she depressed but she also came from an abusive home. Her mom tormented her mentaly and I wish I could have done something about it. I really felt something for her and we made a deal that when we both were old enough to move and live on our own, we would move togheter. So that we could be supporting each other every day no matter what. But sadly that never happend. One night she called me and was really upset. Her mom had abused her again and even this time hit her. Her mom said she would do all kinds of nasty things to her and make other people do things to her.  She had ran away and called me too say goodbye. As I was talking to her on the phone and begging her to not do anything stupid she jumped from a bridge down onto a highway and killed herself. I heard everything over the phone and it still haunts my nightmares to this day since I didnt manage to stop her. Im responsible for someone else's death.
 I dont dare go to sleep. The nightmares never end.
 Im scared. Scared of being alone. Of dying alone. Scared that this will never end. That I will be sad for all my life. People keep their distance from me, I dont blame them. I have zero selfworth and dont even want to go out. I dont want to be seen. I was once thinking of making a mask to hide my face. So others dont have to see me.
 Whenever I have thought that someone have had feelings for me they just stab me in the back. I dont want to die alone. I dont want to be sad.
 I want to be loved. Too have someone too love.
 I just want this all too end.
 To describe how I feel for someone else it would probably be like ""I feel sad all the time. And when I feel that I start to get a bit happy it's like I run straight into a wall of sadness and get sad again. Whenever I try to escape I get pulled back in"".
 For the people out there feeling the same way I am. Reach out. If you're afraid to reach out like I did, afraid to call help lines or even to create a thread explaining everything. Write to me. Let me share your pain so we can make you feel better. I dont want you too be sad. Even if I dont know you, you deserve better.
 I appologise for this rant and I hope it didnt make your day grey. I went on for a bit and jumped all over the place. I currently havent sleept for 37 hours and my mind is not entierly clear."
"Looking for advice on helping my significant other understand my bpd  Seeking Support  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  Looking for advice on helping my significant other understand my bpd  Seeking Support  I’ve been together with my boyfriend for two and a half years. We went into the relationship with me being very upfront and honest about my mental illness. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and bpd. He seems to understand and try to work with me on the first two but has no understanding or seem to want to understand my bpd. This is leaving me feeling extremely isolated and in a very dark place. With it being winter and life generally not being great, I really need someone to lean on but he does not seem to have any sort of grasp on what is going on in my head. I try my best to communicate but it’s hard when I’m not even sure how I’m feeling a lot of the time.
 This is my first time I’ve ever posted on reddit. Idk if I even posted something worth responding to"
"Looking for mutual support and company with someone else dealing with depression  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Looking for mutual support and company with someone else dealing with depression  Hi, i'm Gabriele, i'm from Italy and i've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder a few months ago, i've been in therapy ( both Pharmaceutical and Psychological) for a while and i've been doing much better! Still, i'd love to talk about someone with an experience similar to mine both to support them and give them hope, but also to learn another perspective on this illness.
 Some other details: i'm 22, male. i've been studying computer science for three years but am currently on a break since christmas, i have a lot of favorites among movies, mangas and books, i have some experience with psychedelic drugs and i'm very open minded."
"Looking for relief  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Looking for relief  Does anyone in this group have any information or insight on the effects of a fetus being flooded with stress hormones one month prior to birth? That fetus was me, and the exposure to stress hormones was due to my mother’s youngest brother taking his own life.  I’ve been a highly anxious person my entire life and in the past several years have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder, neither of which have responded well to treatment. I see a therapist I like and I have a good psychiatrist, but I’m dealing with the chaos of the disorders. I also have ADHD which doesn’t help when trying to deal with the other two disorders.
 Any and all information or resources would be greatly appreciated."
"Losing hope in ever getting better. (My Story)  Close  6  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Losing hope in ever getting better. (My Story)  So before I explain my situation I should clarify a few things.
  
   I have been diagnosed with major depression and social anxiety.
   I have been suffering with these illnesses for around 8 years now.
   I am 20 years old at the time of writing.
    
 My name is Jordan. And I think it's time I accept the fact I'm never going to get better. A bit of backstory before everyone thinks I'm being a dramatic mess in the middle of a crisis, while you may have good intentions with your kind words and offerings of support you must understand that coming from a clouded mind such as mine, any and all positive thoughts and feelings soon turn into false positives and despair. But with that being said, I'd like to think I am not a cliche 'depressed guy'. I have good days, I have days where for a split second life doesn't feel like a complete waste, or that I'm not a complete disappointment, but those same glimmers of hope are soon met with my depressing reality. That in fact, I am always going to feel this way, that these thoughts and feelings are only going to get worse as time passes and that I think I am ready to leave this place. Now before anyone panics, this is not a final goodbye, nor is it a letter before I go. This is simply a place for me to vent to prevent me from doing anything stupid.
 Let's take this back to where it all began. I was 12 years old and had recently moved into a new school after moving house. My old neighbourhood was a bad place for everyone, full of druggies and crime and overall the move was in everyone's best intentions. Starting at a new school is a scary experience for any kid growing up, so I was already weary of what could go wrong. But before I knew it, I was the rest of the schools scapegoat, as the new kid this comes with a certain level of expectancy but I thought after a while this would die down and I would eventually be just another kid going to school. I was right for the most part, a few months in I wasn't targeted for being the 'new kid' and slowly I began settling in. This didn't subside all of the verbal abuse however. I was still picked on, still excluded from social activities and still not making friends. This went on for a few years.
 Moving ahead a few years we reach my GCSE's (I am from England so forgive me if you call these exams something different) and at this point I had built up a reputation for being the quiet kid. I still didn't have many friends and I was still struggling to fit in but I had learnt to hide is better from the rest of the world. This was the start of my downfall. Going into my exams I knew it wasn't going to end well, I hadn't studied nearly as hard as I should've due to a mix of not having the motivation and struggling with depression. Please note this was undiagnosed at the time. School finally finishes and after not attending prom or any parties this would be the last time I see most of the people from my school. I was both content and sad about this, I knew I wasn't going to get the results I should've but I would no longer have to be in this social bubble of people I didn't like and who didn't like me.
 Despite all this, I made the decision to go to college, I was going to be studying Business & Communications at A Level. While this was not the original course I was to be taking I found out that I didn't have the grade requirements for that course, so settled for this instead. Between the start of college and the end of school I had got my results back, got further into my own head and became more and more distant with those around me. I went to the GP alone day to figure out why all this was happening. I had a pretty good idea that I was depressed as I had googled the symptoms countless nights of me crying myself to sleep. My family knew I was different but didn't know the specifics, and made no efforts to become familiar with them. The GP only but confirmed what I had already assumed. She told me I had 'Major Depression & Social Anxiety' and she recommended some anti-depressants. I was desperate to be my old normal, happy self that I accepted and began taking the medication. As I was under 18 at the time, my GP was obligated to verify a family member about this, she told my mother. Since then we've never really been the same, and I feel like balling my eyes out after every conversation with her. I love her so much and I can see in her eyes she blames herself for all of this, this only led to me becoming even more distant with those that I love. I did it because I never wanted to hurt anyone more than I already had. I knew my parents were disappointed in me for not succeeding in all my potential.
 College didn't go well, and just before the first year was over I made the decision to leave and focus on my happiness. I was months behind at that point anyway, due to rarely coming in or not doing all of the work assigned to me. I was told I wouldn't make it to next year if I didn't catch-up, so I decided to leave. By this time I felt completely alone, I had pushed away everyone I love in fear of hurting them more. I had no social contact, didn't have any friends in college as I always kept to myself and kept quiet. I was a mess. The medication was making me feel like a zombie so I stopped taking it, I was full of self-hatred, negative thoughts and was drowning my sorrows away with alcohol.
 Eventually I got sick of drinking, only after being drunk for more than a month straight over the christmas period. I wasn't 'sad' anymore, I rarely cried anymore. All I could feel is numb. Everyday was the same, I'd wake up in the middle of the afternoon, sat on the computer passing time for hours, rarely ate, then went back to bed as soon as I felt tired and tried to cry myself to sleep. It's been this way for 2 and a half years now. I still wake up at terrible times, I still force myself to cry just to feel something, I still feel my heart break after every conversation with my mum. I'm a complete failure. All the potential I had, I was such a bright kid before secondary school, I sang in the car everyday, I smiled so so much, I was happy. And reminiscing about those times while writing this now I am crying like a baby.
 I can't remember the last time I was happy. I can't remember the last time I smiled, really smiled. At this point hygiene has gone out of the window, I don't care enough anymore. I don't care about anything. I've essentially given up. For a while my parents tried to push me for a job, sent me applications, recommended me to go outside and enjoy the sun. And I did. I had a few jobs, none of which lasted longer than a month. I was either fired for not showing enough passion or commitment or quit because I couldn't handle it anymore. I was so empty. I am so empty. And I don't know what to do anymore. I am the black sheep of the family, both of my sisters have gone on to work jobs, get boyfriends, move out, all of the stuff you're supposed to do when you grow up. And here I am. Sitting at home, haven't showered or shaved in weeks, haven't been outside in I don't know how long, haven't spoken to anyone except for awkward small talk when I bump into them around the house. I've come to accept the fact that I'm always going to feel this way. There is no getting past this, I am not strong enough. For a long time I had thought about ending it all, y'know to get it over and done with. But I could never actually go through with it, even after everything. I could never do that to my mum. Or anyone in my family for that matter. My mum has worked her ass off her whole life just to give me a life to live and I essentially spat it all in her face and became a complete bum. I see it in her eyes. God I wanna burst into tears everytime I look at her. She's so sad, she's so disappointed.
 Mum, I am so so sorry for not being the son you wanted. I think about it everyday. I am so sorry for wasting all my potential, for not being strong enough to get past this, for never coming to you to talk about it, for never growing up, for spending everyday softly crying in my room with the door locked or just blankly looking up at the ceiling. I know you know. I try so hard to hide it from you and force a smile when I see you because I can't stomach the thought of showing you my true self. But I know you see right through it. You can see me suffering each and everyday and you blame yourself for it, sometimes you take drives in the middle of the night to get away and cry. You hope nobody notices but I do. I wish I could just disappear and make everyone forget I ever existed. I can't see you like this anymore. You didn't let me down, mum. You have never let me down. You were everything I could've ever wished for in a mum, you are kind, caring, supportive, loving, you work hard, you love me even though I don't deserve it. But I know you wanted more for me, for my life. And I'm sorry I let you down, mum. There's not a day that goes by that I don't think about it. I still beat myself up about it for never opening up to you sooner. I can't imagine how it must have felt to be told by the GP that your son cries himself to sleep every night and doesn't want to live anymore and be none the wiser. I am so so sorry for everything. And I will be for the rest of my miserable life.
 I tried. I really did try and get better, I have taken multiple medications, been to countless therapists, tried putting all my energy into my work, tried to find passions to fill my days, I really did try. But nothing ever helped. Everyday I lay in my empty bed and think about what a bum I've become. I'm so lonely. I have nobody to talk to and I've pushed away everyone else. I wish I was loveable. Most days I force myself to cry just to feel something, because feeling numb is 1000x times worse, believe me. I don't see a future for myself, I can't hold onto a job, I can't maintain relationships and I don't have the energy or the motivation to improve myself or get out of this slump. So I've come to terms with it. I am going to feel this way forever. Or at least until I'm kicked out or everyone truly gives up on me, and makes an effort to stay away from me. In that case I have other plans, which I will not discuss here.
  
 Honestly I don't know what this was. I wanted to explain why I felt so hopeless and depressed but I still don't fully know. All I know is that I can't go on like this anymore, it's tearing me apart. If for some reason you made it this far then thank you. Thank you for taking the time out of your day to listen to my story. And I'm sorry at the same time. I never wanted to make anyone else feel even a fraction of what I feel. It's horrible. Again, thank you and I truly hope you have a day full of laughter and joy, and be happy. Please please if you're reading this be happy. There is so much pain and suffering in the world. I just want you to be happy, because at the end of the day, that's all that any of us can hope for."
"Lost more than my job  Close  5  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Lost more than my job  Okay, first thank you guys for reading this.
 A little background, I have been diagnosed with major depression disorder and experience suicidal ideation.  Also I made seven years sober this last month.
 Two months ago, I was laid off from my fulltime job.  At that time, I was talking to a therapist and in one of the best emotional states of my life.  There was a strong feeling of accomplishment.  A feeling of doing my best and being happy with my life to a level not seen before or at least that is how I remember it.
 The lack of employment only lasted two weeks but sense then I have been almost completely unmotivated.  There was a period of bad anxiety after the layoff, but I have gone through worse sessions.
 My past times were exercising regularly and studying for a couple of IT certifications. These have become a struggle for the past two months.
 I have tried other subs, but haven’t gotten any tips as to how to pull out of this down time."
"Lost my job today. Thought i was doing well  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Lost my job today. Thought i was doing well  Hi everyone. A little background before I begin I am a 21 year old female who recently lost her job at an ice cream parlor. Before working at the ice cream parlor I worked at a beauty supply store with a Korean woman. She was very unprofessional and thought it was better to insult me to my face and mock my disabilities then to work with me as an employee. After a few months of her abuse I quit and got a job at an ice cream shop near my house. Everything was going well I actually felt like I belonged but my anxiety always made it feel like no one liked me even though the people I worked with hadn't done anything to make me think this way. Fast forward a few weeks I come to my boss to ask about getting more hours.  I made the short walk from my house to my work only for my boss to tell me that he had to let me go. I've never been fired before and being fired was life-shattering. Ironically the boss who I had worked with at the beauty supply store had told me that not many people would take me because of my disabilities. I have been diagnosed with major depression and in the past as a child I was given the diagnosis of Asperger's, however, mini of my symptoms of Asperger's aside from some minor social anxiety don't exist with me. So, I am not sure if this diagnosis is still accurate to me at my age.
 This is the third job that I have had. My first job I worked for 3 years at a grocery store. I did well enough I was no star employee and spent a good amount of time in the restroom crying, however, they never fired me so I did receive many talking's to. For me working has always been an incredibly hard thing because of my social anxiety I always get the feeling my fellow co-workers are looking down at me or mocking me and talking with customers while it isn't hard to do because I only have to say a few things to make the customer happy it is incredibly exhausting to keep up this sort of first happy facade in front of the customers. Everyday I will come home exhausted. But, I know I have to work money makes the world go round after all.
 After getting this news from my boss I had a complete breakdown it took everything in me not to break down in front of him. I took an Uber home. When I got home all of my emotions came forth I felt worthless and useless knowing that it almost 22 years old I wasn't even capable of holding down a job that was mostly teenagers working at the summer. I'm such a terrible worker I can't even scoop ice cream for a living. I'm feeling lost and I'm not sure if I'm even capable of work.
 I am blessed enough to have a boyfriend who understands my illness. After learning that I had lost my job and seeing the many cuts on my wrist from my break down he offered to take up a second job so I would no longer have to work. While I understand he only meant well saying this I can't let him do this. I cannot stand by and let someone take care of me like some sort of worthless Leach. Shouldn't I be able to work just like anyone else? The worst part of all is my shift leader at the ice cream shop was a 17 year old boy, it makes me wonder how come someone as young as 17 can be so successful yet I at 22 and so worthless and not even capable of keeping this job. I do not like the idea that I may possibly be relying on my boyfriend. I do not want him to get a second job and work himself to the Bone for my sake I don't want to be useless but I am feeling so trapped and scared.
 Because of my past experiences with work my working self-esteem is in the toilet. As I mentioned before I feel worthless and incapable of work I only want to lie in my room and be completely forgotten about which makes my boyfriend's offer that much more tempting but I can't allow him to do that for me.
 I came here asking for help. I know that not working may seem like a choice because my boyfriend offered, but for me, I can't allow him to do that. My anxiety and my lack of self-esteem in both myself and my working ability has left me absolutely petrified of interviews first days and coming in. I thought I had did my absolute best at the ice cream shop and in my head I really was, but, it seems it wasn't good enough. And now I am even more scared than I was before. Now, I am worried that even when I am doing what I think to be my best it will never be good enough. Does anyone have any advice or at least some positive words for me in my time of need?"
"Major Depression and Divorce  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Major Depression and Divorce  I am diagnosed with Major Depression. But, it is usually triggered by life events. Once I'm down, it can be a long slog... I guess that's what makes it depression, and not just a bad mood related to events.... The depression extends pretty far past the triggering event.
 Let me just start by saying that my wife knew this when we got married. I had informed her about my diagnosis and what that meant, and essentially what I did and didn't expect from a partner. What she claimed, then, to offer, was comfort. She promised that when I was down, as long as I didn't mistreat her, she would do her best to comfort me. There were even times where this alone worked, but at the very least it helped when she was understanding.
 However, things took an irrevocable turn, during this last event. First, it was triggered by my having to take a job I find soul-sucking, in order to pay our marital debts. We took these out together, yet she never has helped with them, despite being more educated than me, and at times having better employment. I took this job to keep up with all of it, and I told her I needed help, that it was really sinking my mental state. Not only did she not help, she started disappearing at night.
 I know it's hard to help someone with depression, but she works, and she could've put some money into one of the loans to give me some breathing room. It's come out in the divorce that she had a lot more money socked away that she let on, which hurts more that I know it was a choice to let me suffer.
 These nights out became frequent enough that it occurred to me that it was an affair. I couldn't prove it, but I knew it. I started catching her about lies, concerning where she was going. She told me she was going to a friend's house for a party. I walked past and the lights were out. She tried to say they were watching a movie. Another time, I saw her with the guy getting pizza, and she said he was just walking her home. She would use my computer, and one day she left the messenger window open, and I saw all the correspondence, dating back months. They were seeing each other daily. Then, she told me she was going out and taking the car. So I walked by the guy's house and it was out front. So I texted her a picture of the car, and asked her if she cared to explain. Then I revealed that I knew about the correspondence.
 She tried to say it was abusive to look through the messenger, and it's hard to excuse myself, except that she was behaving suspiciously and I had to know for sure. In three years, I had never done anything so invasive before, despite her regularly reading my texts and emails and what have you. I felt I was being transparent, even though I thought it was wrong... but I guess this is how I justify it.... If I had to be transparent, then so did she.
 In any case, what really hurts, is that instead of trying to be there for me or comfort me through any of what I was going through, she started up an affair. There was a point early in the affair where I asked her for a divorce, but she refused, saying she thought we could work on it. It's clear now that she just wanted me to keep paying for things.
 I can't understand how she changed so much. I know this depression related more to something she was doing and something I was asking her to change.... I didn't think that was unfair, and I didn't think she would go and have an affair over it. It feels like a level of sadistic behavior I don't have in my heart to do to others. Nor would I ever be able to deal with the guilt of having a protracted affair. I cheated on an ex-girlfriend once, many years ago. I told her the next day, and broke it off. I didn't lead her on, or try to make her think we could work out our problems. I felt, if I had gone to that level, it was clearly broken enough to end it. I wish my ex-wife could've done the same. I wish she would have just ended it with me, instead of dragging me through the mud.
 We're just starting the divorce, so she may drag me through yet more mud. I've gotten smarter, and I think I'm protected from a lot of what she could do, because of the marital misconduct... but man, I'm in a low spot."
"Manifestation help!  Help  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Manifestation help!  Help  Hi long time lurker here! This is the first time I’m posting here, I’d like to first say thank you all so much and I love all the posts all of you have posted, they’ve helped me so much.
 I’ve been practicing LOA for months now, I’ve been trying to manifest a couple of things mainly: a better job, my ex, better health and a better physique.
 In the beginning it was incredibly tough to manifest anything as I was constantly at a low vibration, I kept thinking everything was bleak to the point of trying to end my own life. I am diagnosed with major depression and have to constantly take medication for it, but recently I’ve been improving, and my doctor told me my recovery is astounding.
 I first started to practice LOA as something to guide me through this journey and it’s been helping me a lot with self love. I truly believe everyone is me pushed out, and that self love is of utmost importance. I started to treat everyone and myself better.
 At first I wanted to manifest huge things but I guessed I had too much resistance in the first place as I was coming from a place of lack. I began keeping a journal and at the back I wrote down all the major things I wanted to manifest and simply forgot about it. (Until today when I looked at it again)
 So I decided to manifest small things I didn’t care about, like cars and rubber ducks. To my surprise they appeared within 24 hours of me giving my order to the universe and just forgot about wanting to see them.
 I also recently tried to do the manifestation game where you choose an item (for example: a feather or 11:11) I chose a feather as it was quite hard to see feathers in my area, as the community cleaners always would regularly clean the area and it’s something I almost never see daily. I said my intention out loud to the universe that I would see the item in 24 hours and left it be. That morning I was playing pokemon go at my neighbourhood park and I looked down and saw a mynah feather! Just as I visualized!
  Picture of the feather I manifested! 
 I recently manifested a one month off from work due to medical reasons which was approved and I just received word from my friend that her workplace, is searching for a new full-time motion designer, and the pay is better than the place I’m currently working at. I’m going to apply for that and see where the universe takes me.
 As for my ex I chose to focus on myself first before even thinking of talking to him, and just today my friends started to talk about him and how he’s shut himself off from the world as he was incredibly affected by our break. They also mentioned how they feel that he should work on himself too instead of just being stagnant. I certainly didn’t expect that they would even mention his name. I also was scrolling through Instagram and suddenly I saw someone with the exact same name as him on a name tag, and when I went on Facebook, posts that were tagged with him inside it appeared. It surprised me a lot as I rarely see his mother tag him in things recently, and I stopped stalking his Facebook or any of his social media for a couple of months now. I also started to mentally send him unconditional love to assist in his healing.
 I also kept seeing repeated numbers such as 16:16 or 11:11. I didn’t look too much into it but I everytime I saw them thanked the universe for sending me funny little winks to brighten my day up.
 However recently I’ve lost a couple of important things, my wallet, my ID and an item my ex got for me. I cherished those items and I was really bummed out when I realized that I accidentally lost them. Also I realized I stopped seeing repeated numbers but always one digit away such as 1112 or 2223. It’s a funny feeling but I think I’m just overthinking things.
 TL:DR I believe I’m still at a place of desperation and lack and therefore blocking any manifestations. Does anyone have any tips on increasing vibrations and manifesting because I’m currently at a really low vibration from losing all those items."
"Me [24 M] with my Ex [22 F] of over 3 years, How to move on and be happy with myself?  Breakups  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Me [24 M] with my Ex [22 F] of over 3 years, How to move on and be happy with myself?  Breakups  We broke up in February, after 3 years of what I thought was a happy and healthy relationship. At the time I was about halfway saved up for an engagement ring. We had talked about marriage so much that I thought it was a forgone conclusion. We had a bad January, which was my fault, and she ended things. I had assumed we would get back together and that things would be back to normal in no time. Well I'm still here in June now. The realization hit me in May that things weren't going back, even though we had been talking the months prior. She seems determined to try new things, even though I believe she still loves me but she just isn't handling this break up in a healthy way, she has had some bad past history with relationships and mental health issues.
 Once, I realized things weren't going back to normal I panicked a bit and tried hard to get her back, it only pushed her more away. Since then I have sought out Therapy, and have been diagnosed with Major Depression, and an Anxiety Disorder. I know I must give her time and space to figure shit out, whether that be her moving on or figuring out what we had was real. I know I cant make her come back and it must be on her own.
 I guess my question is how can I move on and be happy in the mean time. The only time I was truly happy in my life was when I was very young, and when I was with her. Before our relationship I was in a bad cycle but broke out of it by getting with her. I've never had hobbies and I live in a small town in the middle of no where. I have a good job with a future, currently finishing up school, and have supporting friends and family. At this time though none of this seems to matter, all I can think of is her. I work out, play golf, hang out with friends and family, but all I can think about is what she is doing.
 TL:DR, Very serious long term relationship ended, never had been happy in my life besides during this relationship, no real hobbies, trying to find how to be happy."
Medical marijuana  Close  10  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Medical marijuana  Hi there! I'm looking to try and get medical card here in CT. I just don't know if I can qualify. I have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety disorder by my therapist. I thought that was a qualifying diagnosis but I can't find much info on the subject. I have been prescribed anti depressants, and absolutely hate how they make me feel. Always drowzy and stuck in a fog. Honestly, it almost feels worse. I have been self medicating with marijuana for a long time and it helps me immensely with social and general anxiety, deep bends of depression, insomnia and very, very low self-esteem. I would like to be able to take care of myself without tip toeing around about it. Any info would be helpful. Thanks, Reddit!
Meron po bang ibang ways to buy discounted medicines or may programs po ba Philhealth like refund at least a percentage of medicine receipts aside po sa pagaapply ng PWD?  MEDS  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  Meron po bang ibang ways to buy discounted medicines or may programs po ba Philhealth like refund at least a percentage of medicine receipts aside po sa pagaapply ng PWD?  MEDS  My meds amounts to 2110 pesos for two weeks worth of dosage. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder back in 2017. I am in and out of therapy and medication because I think I'm "okay" na pero later I learned maybe it's because the medicine is working". Then when I suffered a very bad relapse last year, I decided to continue with the therapies and meds (different doctor). I am currently out of work due to that (resigned) so I have no source of income on my own aside from my savings. Nagwowork yung therapy every two weeks at medicines (adjusting every 2 weeks) sakin kasi I'm in a better state now compared to 3 months ago. Nagwoworry ako na baka maubos savings ko and I can't afford the meds and therapies na. Sumasama din sa mga iniisip ko na I have to recover na as soon as possible para makapaghanap ng work to finance my therapies and meds. My parents say they would help me sa gastos if ever and to apply for work only if I can assess sa sarili ko na kaya ko na. Pero still, naiisip ko pa din na I have a "deadline". With this in mind, meron pa ba ibang way para maka-discount ng gamot? Maliban sa pagapply ng PWD? Like may programs po ba Philhealth like refunding medicine receipts (parang tax refund)? Or if mag-apply ng PWD, maayos ba yung magiging process? I'm not even sure if qualified ako for PWD but I am doing my research now.
"Might I have a case?  Close  0  Posted by  2 months ago  Might I have a case?  Repost from  r/mentalhealth 
 So about 4 months ago I was fired from my job for causing property damage (I was trying to punch a wall and hit a tv hung on it instead). In the time since I've been diagnosed with major depression and learned about anger attacks which seems to line up with what happened that day. Since major depression is covered by the ADA is there a chance that if I go to my old HR and plea my case they might reinstate me, even if just to avoid a potential issue with ADA violation or is there no point since all they probably care about is the damage? I've been almost obsessing over this glimmer of hope since I haven't had luck getting a new job and am relying on family to get by, so please share your advice even if it just serves to bring me back to reality.
 Edit: this occurred in Florida"
"Mood swings/Depression episodes out of nowhere? Is recovery/life just going to be random bouts of perpetual fucking sadness???  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Mood swings/Depression episodes out of nowhere? Is recovery/life just going to be random bouts of perpetual fucking sadness???  The day before today I went out with friends for trivia,  lots of laughs, great dinner and went to bed feeling warm and cozy. Then today, bit random but was busy. Cleaning a bit, looking at adopting a cat, fixing resume and actually excited about a job traineeship position in my area, replying to emails, my clothing delivery came :)) + helping my mum cook dinner, hanging out with my brother watching AHS and relaxing with my mum and dad listening to music and drinking hot chocolate in the evening. Then, close to bed time -- its 12.30 am now but anyways, just as I was finishing just cleaning my room up a bit and doing night time routine (some incense, wind down music, getting into pjs etc it just comes out of fucking no where....
 Literally just looked up at myself for a split second and felt this huge wave of sadness throughout my whole body. I have described it before (it is lame but whatever) like that scene in titanic near the end, where each level is filling up slowly with more and more water, everything becomes more frantic and the ship is sinking deeper and deeper and then, finally, the ship submerges under the extreme weight of all the crashing waves and extra mass within the boat. It quickly goes completely black -- like a huge display of fear, nausea, sadness, frenzy, explosive sadness, chaos and madness ... then deflation, heaviness leading to numbness, tiredness and apathy. That is what the beginning of a  ""depressive episode"" sometimes feels like for me. It's different from an anxiety attack, I have had those before. I just can't stop fucking crying and I feel the pain all throughout my chest and the sobs are so deep. In that moment, its just so bad. I ask myself ""why is this happening to me, everything was going fine -- what are you even worrying about, it is all good??"" but it's too late and I can't bring myself to stop crying uncontrollably. Would you classify this as a depressive episode? Like I'm diagnosed with major depression but depression have like depressive episodes within itself, if that makes sense? Also in that moment, time feels so strange for, I'd say 5-10 minutes. The crying is strong for one  but also, I feel like this is never going to end! How am I going to maintain anything with this, like, I'm with a guy I like or something and one night....BOOM! It comes out of no where and I can't stop myself from crying. I'm not particularly stressed atm, maybe a little hormonal but what the actual hell. I start thinking about how time seems to go on forever, that I'm only 20 and I have the rest of my life and in that moment, it fucking scares the shit out of me to think that it is only the beginning, that this is going to happen over and over and over again. Anyway, I have calmed down a bit, but still feel pretty :S :// :SS I should sleep soon, but then tomorrow do I just wake up like nothing happened, I guess that is what I usually do so eh anyways. I'm just tired and the pain just really hurts."
"MRW when my psychiatrist says ""You're so young, you really should have the energy to do some exercise""  Close  43  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  MRW when my psychiatrist says ""You're so young, you really should have the energy to do some exercise""  http://i.imgur.com/an2LF6C.gifv 
 I'm diagnosed with major depression, have been institutionalized before, and the last time I saw him I admitted that I had almost gone through with a plan of killing myself. And then today I see him and he says that to me? The hell? Yeah pal, I know I  should  have the energy, but I don't. And I don't have the motivation for it either."
"My (21F) boyfriend (24M) is going through a depressive episode and it’s ruining our relationship  Close  24  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  My (21F) boyfriend (24M) is going through a depressive episode and it’s ruining our relationship  Hi this isn’t my main account, I don’t want him to see the post, you know the deal. This is my first really serious relationship so maybe these problems seem trivial, but I truly just want to hear peoples opinions on what I should do.
 So my boyfriend and i have been together for a year and he means the world to me! He’s not from America and English isn’t his first language but I make an effort to be interested in his culture and am very patient with the language barrier. I’m even learning his mother tongue. He’s going to school here and plans on making America his home, but he has no family here, he’s working a terrible job, and is in college going after one of the hardest degrees, so he has a lot of stress. He’s normally a really sweet and affectionate guy but when he’s stressed he completely distances himself from me emotionally. It feels like he doesn’t care about me at all when he’s in that space. Usually this doesn’t last too long but this episode has lasted over a month now and it’s killing me. Mind you, he doesn’t believe in mental illnesses and thinks people with depression are weak minded (i have a mental illness myself but this hasn’t bother me because i’ve got it well under control, and he still tries to be supportive) but everything that he tells me he’s feeling points to a depressive episode, nothing that used to give him joy does anymore, doesn’t want to do anything, doesn’t want to be around people, isn’t satisfied by our relationship, he doesn’t even wanna play with our dog. He just sits on his phone during all of his free time. He doesn’t even hear me when i’m talking to him he’s so absorbed in it. It’s honestly embarrassing for me when other people are around because i have to repeat myself well over 2 times before he hears me. He hasn’t been diagnosed but I have been diagnosed with major depressive episodes in the past and so I have a pretty good idea of what it looks like. I keep telling him that the situation is hurting me and he keeps saying he’ll get help but he doesn’t seem to be taking it super seriously. He says it’s better for us if we put some boundaries up while he’s figuring this out but i feel like it’s making everything worse. I feel like we’re not even dating anymore. We haven’t even had sex in a month, he doesn’t kiss me, he barely even hugs me. My family keeps telling me to be patient with him and that he’s in a unique situation, but it’s very difficult for me and it’s starting to trigger my mental illness. Every time i bring it up he says he wants to fix it and that he loves me and knows that we’re happy together but doesn’t know how to get back to that place. He doesn’t even say i love you anymore. I’ve been sick, and I thought maybe after work he’d spend a little time to keep me company but he just came over to get the dog and leave. before he left tonight, he walked out the door without saying I love you again. I got so angry and said “if you can’t even remember to tell me you love me what’s the point?” and he just gave me a hug and said “i hope you feel better, goodnight” no “i love you”. this shattered me. Literally the day before this he said that he did love me and was going to put more effort into fixing this. But i just feel like if he can’t even SAY he loves me and reassure me then why am i doing this? Why am I putting myself through this much pain to be patient with him? I’m so confused by what’s happening and I don’t know where to go from here. I thought maybe I was being selfish since i know how confusing depression is so I just apologized for bringing it up and told him goodnight. I’m trying to wait until he gets help from a therapist, but i know that will be a process since he’s never been to therapy and I don’t know how much longer i can handle this. This month has felt like a lifetime.
 Another hang up i have is our dog together. We’re splitting custody of the dog right now since we’re both busy and he doesn’t want me sleeping over but can this go on forever if we break up? I love that dog with all of my heart. I’m just so confused and broken. I’m sorry i know this is so boring compared to the other stories on here."
"My (26F) husband (29M) has trouble showing empathy and we are having communication issues.  Relationships  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My (26F) husband (29M) has trouble showing empathy and we are having communication issues.  Relationships  Hello, my husband and I are having communication issues and I’m not able to sort out my feelings about it. I almost feel like I need someone to explain to me how I’m feeling. I know that therapy would be really helpful for us, but I’m posting here to try to understand and sort out my feelings a little bit before we talk about it in therapy, which both of us are open to and likely will do in the future. It’s hard for us to get out even on dates so the idea of regular therapy right now isn’t ideal.
 Some background information: we have been together for 6 years and we have a 2 year old daughter. I am currently 30 weeks pregnant with our second child have have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder with peri-partum onset, so I know that hormones/mental health are playing a role, but this has been a series of ongoing problems our entire relationship. That being said I have generalized anxiety disorder, have had episodes of depression before, and had an abusive and complicated childhood, and have been in therapy almost weekly for a year. I have been doing a lot better, but unfortunately the pregnancy has been not great on my mental health. I plan on continuing treatment as long as needed for me to ‘get better’ for my kids and my husband. I worry greatly about being abused and have a hard time distinguishing between normal and abusive behaviours. I also worry about exhibiting abusive behaviours as a result of my upbringing.
 My husband ‘Greg’ has some unresolved issues that he has admitted he wants to go to therapy for in the future, he suspects maybe OCD, ADD, or something similar. He has imposter syndrome, is a perfectionist, and works as a programmer. He is very open to criticism and change. He has never sought help because he has always functioned so well and is generally happy. Greg is a great father, husband, and a stand up person in general. He works all day, cooks, cleans, and gives everything he has to our daughter without any complaint. With my pregnancy and depression he has been doing the lions share of housework and I thank him everyday for everything he does for us.
 Greg currently makes all of the money and I am a SAHM, which is not something I want to do forever. I was getting a university degree when I got pregnant the first time and had to delay school for my family, which is also something I want, and I will be going back to school in the future. Being a SAHM has made me a feel a little bit empty, like at the end of the day all I am is ‘mom.’ I love being a mom but I feel like a shell of the person I used to be, and I am constantly exhausted, and I’ve lost/drifted  almost all of my pre-baby friends. I have a few new ‘mom friends’ but don’t feel close enough to anyone to really talk about how I’m feeling with anyone but my husband. I would love to make closer friendships but it’s tough with depression. I just feel very boring and lifeless. I also have gained lots of weight (50 pounds) over the course of the past few years, and I know I’m capable of losing it, because I have before, but again I can’t really do that while pregnant. Basically I feel like a fat, boring, mom which is just not who I am at all. I definitely have an identity crisis going on and some of these behaviours make me feel even more lifeless.
 Here are some issues that I’m having trouble sorting out:
   Greg makes me feel like a complete idiot sometimes by explaining to me how to do things that me and any logical human being should already know how to do. He insists he’s just trying to help me because ‘he didn’t know before and learning that helped him.” Sometimes this even happens with things I have taught him. Sometimes he will explain ‘a better way’ to do my hobby of 10 years never having done it himself. This obviously makes me insecure having never finished my degree, it’s like he thinks I’m some sort of dumbass because he has a degree and is a few years older than me. He insists he thinks I’m smart and capable and he’s just trying to help. He is very smart and gets constant compliments on his intelligence, graduated with a 4.0, works for a big company etc.
   I feel like when I talk to Greg about a negative way that I’m feeling, he has trouble expressing any sort of empathy and just tries to solve the problem. I know it’s common for men to try to solve issues, but Greg gets frustrated with me if I don’t want his solutions and basically says “I don’t really know what to say then.” In the past when I have expressed I just want him to listen and empathize he will just say something like “I’m sorry you’re feeling that way, hope you feel better tomorrow” and goes back to whatever he’s doing. When I say that doesn’t feel like enough he asks me what I want and I honestly don’t know what I want.. for him to care? If I can’t tell him what I want he just goes back to what he’s doing and I usually just drop it. I have been complaining a lot, with the depression and pregnancy, and feel really badly about it. Sometimes if I really press the issue and start crying or feeling anxious about it he will comfort me, talk to me, etc, so I know he’s capable of it. It almost feels like if he thinks I shouldn’t be worried or sad about something in his opinion, then Its silly for me to be upset about it. I should add that sometimes because of my anxiety (when I’m feeling particularly bad) I don’t like to be touched or hugged, and so I think he thinks it’s impossible to comfort me and I’m wondering if I do make it impossible. I honestly don’t know how to express what I need from him. I could use some help there.
   We have a nightly recurring issue where he wants to plan out his time after our daughter goes to bed and I just want to sit and relax and not think about it. He asks me what my plan is for the night every single night so he can plan what he wants to do, and it drives me nuts because I never have a plan. I don’t want a plan. Sometimes I work on my hobby, sometimes I play video games, sometimes I bath, but mostly I just watch tv and hang out. I really hate wasting my time watching TV and feel sad about it sometimes and I know he tries to encourage me to do more and that’s part of the issue, but most of the time I just feel too worn out to do much at all. He usually sits with me and reads while I play on my phone but it feels like he’s doing it out of obligation and not because he wants to hang out with me. It feels like we’re in separate worlds. He says he feels like if he goes to play games upstairs I’ll be mad, which I won’t be, but I have been before when he basically hasn’t even said hi to me for the day yet and then plays until we go to bed. I have told him if he wants to just say hi and ask about my day and then go play I would have no problem with it but again it always feels so insincere when he does talk to me, like it’s an obligation to fulfill the video game ‘rule,’ not that he actually is interested in my day. I have also told him I need space for 20-30 minutes after our daughter goes to bed because I’m very introverted and he is very extroverted and I feel worn out talking about my day immediately. I also feel lately like I don’t have much to say. I made lunch, I changed diapers, I felt crappy, etc. I feel like I’m sending completely mixed signals. I feel like we’re both unhappy with how we spend our evenings but I have no idea how to even approach the problem.
   Greg always wants me to plan everything, what we eat, what we do at night, what our weekend plans are, etc. He says he does it because I’m the picky one and he doesn’t care what we do but I don’t want to plan everything all the time. Sometimes where we’re deciding what to do or eat he will list a couple things I swear he knows I don’t like and then basically says “see, you have to choose, you say no to everything” I fucking hate making decisions because it’s all I do all day. I just want him to plan and execute. He knows what I like to eat and do. I have told him this and sometimes he will plan something but only if I ask him to or if it’s a special occasion like my birthday. He does so much around the house so I feel bad saying my plate is full, but I still feel like everything is under my management.
   He is very critical and detail oriented, He says it’s because it’s his job at work to find issues and solve them he can’t help but to do it in ‘real life.’ If we’re arguing and I get one small fact wrong that is almost insignificant to the argument he will stop the argument and correct me and it’s infuriating. He focuses on the smallest most insignificant things, misses the big picture, and uses the small flaws in my argument to prove himself ‘right.’ If I tell him a plan I have to fix a household problem or something he will tell me everything that is wrong with the plan without encouraging me at all. When I point out how rude that is he says “I think it’s a great plan, honestly, I was just playing the devils advocate” he’s always ‘playing the devils advocate.’ Just so I know exactly what Is ‘wrong’ with my ideas. If I wash the peanut butter off of the spoons 95% of the time before putting them in the dishwasher he sure as shit will point out every single time I don’t without fail and ask me not to do it even though he knows I know that and he could easily just wash it and move on. Sometimes I’m busy with a 2 year old. I know he feels genuinely bad about this particular character trait but it never changes. I am now incredibly oversensitive to his criticisms and get mad when he says anything critical which is not great.
   There is probably more but I think those are the main issues and it feels like it all stems from a lack of.. empathy? on his part and a lack of ability to communicate my needs on my part. Ive seen him show empathy to so many people and animals but it seems like since I am an ‘extension of him’ that I don’t deserve the same graces. I guess I’m looking for anyone who has dealt with this and any suggestions that may have come from that. Greg and I love each other a lot and besides these things treat each other with a lot of love and respect. I have no doubt that he loves me and he tells me so often. We’re happy 90% of the time but these things are really nagging at me and I just want to fix this before it becomes unfixable.
 TL;DR My husband and I have issues communicating our feelings and I want some suggestions on what to do before they become unfixable problems."
"My [26M] disassociation is causing issues with my partner [25F] and I don't know what to do about it.  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  My [26M] disassociation is causing issues with my partner [25F] and I don't know what to do about it.  Hi guys, I'm not sure how to structure this post so I will just do my best, and write as it comes to me.
 I've been seeing a therapist regarding mental health issues, having been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. She recently diagnosed me with disassociation disorder due to childhood trauma, which explains a lot regarding how I react to stress and vulnerability. It is also what causes my memory issues, I can't remember what I did two days ago, it's very inconsistent.
 The therapy is going slowly due to the people I see being packed with clients, and we have so many different issues to work through that I haven't been able to address the relationship issues that stem from it. I was hoping some people here may have had experience with this and could offer advice.
 I can have quite inappropriate or extreme reactions to problems due to fear and ingrained beliefs that something bad will happen, because of childhood trauma. I'm always anticipating something bad will happen. If my partner goes and has a drink with a male friend, my mind will race and I will go into fight-flight mode. This is just an example of many things that would become an issue over time.
 When I have to confront an issue, I have an unbelievably difficult time approaching it properly. This stems from my issues with being vulnerable. I'll either get argumentative or completely shut down and block people out. I can't even put on a fake smile and act like I'm okay, I just can't do it. If I'm upset everyone knows it instantly.
 My partner says she understands, and that it's okay, but it isn't. I feel like complete trash sometimes , because I come off as controlling from trying to constantly protect myself from pain or vulnerability. I want her to have her own life, her own friends she can see without issue, not having to be questioned all the time about small things because my mind is racing and creating narratives.
 I just don't know how to get better. I haven't got to address any of this with my therapist yet, because we are still working on other issues, and I fear it might be too far away and I could completely overreact and ruin everything like I have done plenty of times before. I love this girl, and she loves me. I don't want to hurt her anymore.
 I don't know what to do, other than hope I can get ahold of myself long enough to try and address this with a therapist, and who knows how long it will be before I get the opportunity to do that."
"My bf doubts me all the time & asks for my phone often. Although I never liked doing so, but i find him very compelling and a narcissist. I loved him and wanted to save this relationship from falling apart. So he randomly said he wants account of those 3 days when he was fighting with me to know if i have stayed clean. He has been caught with dating apps, nudes from other girls, contacting his ex and all. I've never done anything such as i am from a broken family and now i am diagnosed with clinical depression. He had asked me to give him a last chance and i even agreed on it.
 So now he suddenly asked for my phone in a mall where i was having a break down as i was supposed to see my mother after 1yr & she had just lied to me to avoid meeting me due to her husband.
 I was shocked and feeling terrible and I refused saying he has to trust  me at some point of this relationship is like i am ttying to do. He said i must have done something and broke up with me, blocked me from everywhere. And I can't deal with this empty feeling. I wish i must have given my phone to him then, but is it right to do.?"
My boyfriend of 4 years doesn't seem to understand mental health. I'm diagnosed with Major depression for the past 9 years, with anxiety. if I'm having a low period and it's obvious, he'll ask me what's wrong, and obviously nothing IS wrong I'm just depressed. So I say nothing. he's a firm believer of "well SOMETHING has to be wrong", it's exhausting trying to explain that nothing is wrong, it's just how it is and how I am in that current time. He has toxic traits, and when I requested he seeks therapy his exact quote was "therapy is the stupidest fucking thing" (which is funny because it's also my profession) Does anyone else have a not-very-understanding-of-mental-health SO?
My dark place.  Close  3  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  My dark place.  I've always been melancholy, for as long as I can remember. Of course I was a normal child, but I was hyper sensitive..I felt things more than others my age did, and I saw things differently. It made me an outcast sometimes. I've always been extremely hard on myself,  have seen psychiatrists and therapists since I was 13. Anti depressants, mood stabilizers, anti anxiety medication, etc. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder (surprise), an anxiety disorder, including OCD, and I'm also an addict/alcoholic. (I'm sober, but the mentality and behaviors don't just disappear.) My dark place is comfortable in the sense of being accustomed to it. I'm used to it. I know how to be and who to be when I'm there. I don't know what things are supposed to look like, what reality is. My perspective is so skewed that I am just so fucking angry, resentful, and lost. I could stub my fucking toe and obsess And over analyze until it became about how my mom can't Stop talking about my weight. I'm going fucking crazy. I'm so fucking tired of being this person. Pushing everyone who loves me away, taking my shit out on my boyfriend, who loves me. I'm just so fucked up. I haven't been going to meetings or calling my sponsor. I haven't been trying as hard in school.(normally I'm a good student.) I've been insecure, so insecure that I obsess over the smallest things. It's been this way for so long. I just want to be okay.
"My depression cost me my relationship.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My depression cost me my relationship.  I know negativity doesn't help whenever it's exposed but I need to vent a little bit.
  
 I have been diagnosed with major depression and social anxiety 8 years ago.
 My first and last suicide attempt was when I was 11.
 I have been getting better since, yet until around 3 months ago.
  
 Last year, I moved half way around to be with my SO. She is wise and delightful; except that she has her own problems.
 She refuses to go to a psych evaluation since it is not well-tolerated in this parts of Asia, but I suspected (which the suspecting itself is also a problem) that she had a form of OCD about her career. Also, she hated the concept of losing, shunning many suggestions or opinions I threw at her with a no.
 As we spent more time together, she became better. She was more happy, she started to realize her traumas, and her career started to bloom. And I was mentally healthy enough to endure her 'faults', which were outweighed by her positives.
 But my career fell down the rabbit hole. My phd applications were rejected for two semesters. I had to live with my sister who lived near by. I lived off of my sister and her husbands salary. I sent out 120 resumes, cvs, and protfolios, and got around 80 rejections in 3 months. I work at a convenience store that pays 5 dollars every hour with a masters degree. There are logistics and circumstances that I cannot change(Laws) to better the situation except for waiting until December.
 My depression came back full force. I started whining at her. Gauged out the smallest words of encouragement from my SO every two hours. I always misused words, or said things without thinking that hurt her. She started to avoid talking to me. She said it was because she felt like meeting or talking to me cost her energy, which she often had to use for her 16 work- hour days. I was hurt by that, but I knew I had to give her space. I let her leave to rural bnbs for weekends at times. When she didn't want me to text first, I did not. Or at least, until right before I felt like throwing myself off a window. She started to reply only with emojis yesterday. I told her that I was sorry, and how I felt.
 This morning, she told me that she had too many things going on right now (one research, two lessons she taught, applying to financial aid, Pilates, and violin(which she started taking secretly after my depression started to kick in)). I tried to empathize with her. I really did. And after 4 texts I sent, she blocked my number.
  
 I don't know if this is temporary or not, but I feel like my depression isn't helping either one of us. I need to get up on my feet. She needs to live her life her own way. I have been dating her for two years now. It all feels like such a long time ago since we were happy. Since I was happy.
 I don't know if this will be the last of our relationship. But I am so angry at myself. She wasn't perfect and we didn't see eye to eye on many things. True. But I was always so happy when I existed with her. Imagining not having that ever again-her presence which felt like home, her eyes that curved like the moon whenever I made a face, the temperature of her hands when we walked her dog- makes me cry at my defeat. Failing to become a decent human being for her. Or the human being I promised her after every mishap for two years.
 I haven't slept for three days, I took a couple hour naps between days- perks of not working I guess, so sorry about the messy writing. I hope you guys had a better day. And I may be crying right now. But I am still on my meds and not thinking about killing myself. The repercussions of my depression is still my responsibility and I will live through this.
  
 Thanks for reading guys.
 Sincerely."
My dog just died  Serious  Close  7  Posted by    14    5 months ago  My dog just died  Serious  I don't know what to do. This came at the worst possible time. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and socialtal anxiety and I have allot of pets to help me through it cause I can't get help from people, it's harder to talk to them and let it all out. So when any of my pets die I start wanting to die cause they're almost all I have. I'm scared and I don't know what to do. I want to talk to one of my friends but I feel like I bother them too much and that they'll get tired of me. I'm also scared that my mom will now tell me I'm overreacting. I don't think I need any advice, I just needed to let it all out.
"My ex-boyfriend tried to commit suicide.
 TLDR at the bottom.
 My ex-boyfriend(M17) tried to commit suicide last Thursday at about 9:30 pm. I am 15(F). He was texting my now ex-friend(15M). We’ll call my ex-boyfriend A and my ex-friend B. A was threatening to kill himself to B, and B starting sending me screenshots of this on Discord. I said I would call the cops but after further discussion with my mom she told me not to, which I am thankful she did. B ended up calling the cops and they arrived at around 10 or so. Keep in mind, this is the day before my APHuG exam, which I had the next day at 7:30am. I was really tired, so I went to sleep at around 1am after dealing with all of this for a really long time. The next few days go on, A is now in a hospital, “getting the help he needed.” I would like to also mention, when B told me that A was saying he was going to kill himself, I did not feel anything. I was not sad or upset, just angry. A had been blaming me for wanting to commit suicide the whole time he was texting B.
 Skip forward a couple days, and we come up to yesterday. Yesterday A texts me; signifying that e was released from the hold at the hospital. (I fouーnd out today that he lied his way out of it). I text B telling him that he is out. B asks me to ask A if B can text A. I tell B that he can. After some time passes of A and B texting each other, B texts me and I get pissed off, because he’s trying to confide in me and get help when I believe personally he has not be through as much shit as I had. All he did was call the police to get A. This is my third time dealing with suicidal tendencies weth er it was my friends or mutuals. So naturally, I feel like nothing has happened. I don’t feel remorse or upset or anything. B and I start going off on each other. He’s blaming me for A wanting to kill himself and I am trying to defend myself, and I end up getting more and more pissed off. I eventually call B and start swearing at him and block him everywhere (discord and text). B then messages my current boyfriend on discord and goes off on him. He’s blaming me because I broke up with A after dating him for 2 weeks because I didn’t love him. We went on 2 dates together and it always put me in an odd spot. A also pressured me into doing sexual things with him, and even proceeded with it one or two times even when I didn’t really give me consent. So of course I broke up with him.
 I should’ve also noted that I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and have been seeing a therapist since August. I’m in much better condition now thanks to her, my boyfriend (we’ve been dating for 9 months, I broke up with him for 2 weeks. I still really regret it. But him and I are stronger than ever now, and I could never be more thankful to someone).
 My therapist said I did everything right, but I just wanted to get this off my chest. It’s so bad to the point where I will break down and cry because I feel so guilty and I’m riddled with so much hate for two people. I’m having a really hard time keeping myself stable but we’ll see how well everything plays out. School ends in two days so I won’t have to see either of them for a long time.
 Thank you so much for reading.
 TLDR; My ex-boyfriend threatened to commit suicide and my ex-friend blamed it all on me."
"My experience as a 5'2 guy  Motivation  Close  35  Posted by    5'2"" | 157 cm    4 months ago  My experience as a 5'2 guy  Motivation  Asian M[19] here.
  
 I just want to start off that it makes me very sad to see that there are many pessimistic and cynical posts on this subreddit.  I understand that some of you were bullied and turned down for something as stupid as being vertically challenged.  You have every right to be angry at how superficial and hypocritical society can be sometimes.  On bad days I feel that same rage, thinking about how unlucky I am to be way below the average height for a guy my age.  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, which may or may not be partially due to my height insecurity.  When addressing this topic in therapy, I'm often told that I am projecting my own self-hate onto others, leading me to believe that they hate me for my shortness as well.  True, there are some weirdos who hate short people for being short, but people aren't completely lying when they say it's all in your head.
  
 I've always been the shortest person in my class, even in elementary school.  In preschool, I was never bullied or teased for my height.  My very first friends were both girls, but I don't think that really means much.  I transferred to another school for kindergarten and had 2 very good guy friends.  I was never bullied or teased for my height.  I transferred again for first grade and stayed at that same school until fifth grade, which were some of the best years of my life.  All of the friends I made at that school stuck with me the entire time.  I was very popular and was one of the smartest kids in the grade, according to my classmates.  In third grade, this really pretty half-Korean girl transferred to my school.  By that time some of us guys, including me, started hitting puberty and developed feelings for this girl.  She was smart and very good at playing the flute.  Since I was pretty decent at playing the piano, her and I would often perform solos during school concerts.  What happened between me and her through fourth and fifth grade was practically an anime romantic comedy.  The last thing she told me before I transferred schools for sixth grade was for me to come visit some day so we could get married XD.  I was never bullied or teased for my height.  Sixth grade, made friends, never bullied, yada yada.  Transferred for seventh and eighth grade, sometimes got picked on by a couple assholes, but everyone is kind of fucked up in middle school.  Still had a couple good friends, though.  Transferred for high school.  Made good friends with this nice girl.  One day her friends asked me if I liked her.  Me, being my naive freshman self, replied ""yeah, as a friend"".  After that, she was too embarrassed to face me, lol.  Sophomore year this really cute blond girl I liked started flirting with me, but I didn't have the balls to turn it into a relationship.  Junior year I made friends with, according to the guys, the second-hottest girl in the grade and took her to prom where we had a great time.  Senior year my friends would sometimes tease me for being short, as they were all 5'11"" minimum, but we would also tease the tallest guys who were ~6'5"", referring to them as ""trees"".  Freshman year of college I made friends with a very cute blond girl who was always being hit on by guys, to her dismay.  (The dumb blond stereotype is a fat lie, btw).  After a couple months our relationship became romantic and my lucky ass turned out to be her first kiss.
  
 Every single girl I just mentioned was either my height or taller, and my short stature was never even brought up.  Now that I think about it, I never pursued a romantic relationship with any of them.  It just happened naturally.  Yes, I have been described as very cute and smart.  I dress well.  Even though I'm an introvert I know how to be funny and keep up an interesting conversation.  All of the things I just mentioned, unlike your height, CAN be improved upon.  Not to mention, I'm still an immature, superficial kid living amongst other immature, superficial kids.
  
 If my nerdy 5'2"" ass can get respect with hardly any effort, so can yours :)
  
 Btw, if you're wondering why I transferred so much it's because my family was in the army, not because of school problems"
"My family loves me, so why do I feel so lonely and dejected?  Close  8  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  My family loves me, so why do I feel so lonely and dejected?  I just got out of an inpatient program for mental health, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, although I've known I was depressed since I was 7 or 8 and first became suicidal by 9 (16 now). I'm three years behind in school due to depression often so bad it would usually take half of the day just to get the energy to get out of bed. While a change to a new medication has helped improve my physical symptoms more than previous drugs I just feel like a shell of a person eroding from the inside i'm also on mood stabilizers so i'm pretty much at a constant 2.5/10 mood wise... I rarely leave the house and am pretty much a hermit... All that being said I find myself incredibly lonely, I've never had a intimate relationship, but I feel like if i was in a healthy relationship with a S/O it would at least give me a reason to keep going... I guess I'm just really struggling to see a reason to keep going when things haven't improved and have if anything gotten progressively worse for half my life....
 I'M SO LONELY........"
"My first post  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  My first post  I have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety years ago. Hi, I'm a 41 year old male with a good job, make good money, why should I be hurting? Depression, anxiety and suicide runs in my family. I have been committed to a 72 hour hold twice for being suicidal and planning my suicide. I do self harm. I think about suicide weekly, sometimes daily. I don't want medication but I self medicate with alcohol, work obsession or high risk sports. I'm embarrassed because I can't fit in with life, I'm broken with no fix. I suffer in silence as I don't want to bother my family, friends and girlfriend. I have planned my suicide many times, even tonight. Yes, I have written many suicide notes as well.
 If I tell someone, they lock me up without shoelaces. This is not what I need, this causes me to hide it even more. I'm broken with no fix. I already go through cycles of being numb, angry, and sad. I don't want to feel numb from medication (I've been there before, what is the purpose.). I don't trust anyone to talk about this with, they respond with ways that make me hide my what I truly feel.
 I want this pain to stop, the pain I've been feeling for years. Why am I broken? Besides not waking up, I don't know what else is the answer. I understand why my family member committed suicide, I get it, it isn't selfish, it is to stop the pain that many can't understand.
 I don't know what to do. Do I end it, hide in silence and keep everyone happy, or say something and be even more miserable and in turn become more numb? Who really cares? I know alcohol doesn't help, but it helps me sleep, or if I don't drink here I am wide awake trying to make my brain quiet. I do high risk sports, secretly hoping that I will die.
 I spent last night at the emergency room alone, I didn't contact my family, friends and erased a message for my girlfriend (I wasn't sure if it was a heart attack and didn't want to die alone but didn't want to bother anyone). My girlfriend saw some erased messages, so I told my girlfriend that it was some chest pain I wanted to make sure wasn't anything, I never told my family or friends and never will.
 I don't know what to do, I need this to stop. This is my cycle, I'm numb or angry at everyone and push everyone way. If I wake up tomorrow, I will think whoever wrote this is an idiot and stupid, numb and ignorant to the pain I feel. Cycle repeats.
 Help."
My friend died in a car crash  Close  7  Posted by  3 months ago  My friend died in a car crash  Yesterday i just got the news. My highschool friend just passed away. He was one of the kid that i was closed to back when we're in highschool. Last time i met him was before i went to study abroad. Since then, I've been diagnosed with major depression for more than two years. We drifted apart. Depression man.. it makes you push people away.  And i regret not having the chance telling him how i missed him so much, how i want us to just chill together again. I decided to call him a week ago. We finally talked again after a long time. And it felt good you know. We actually made promise to each other about seeing each other again. Now he's gone. We never had the chance. Ever again. After hearing the news, everything slowed down, i shit you not. I couldn't believe my own ears at first. Then i saw the pictures; the car crash, even a picture of his lifeless body covered in blood. It confirmed what i heard. He's gone. The whole day felt like an eternity. It felt like a nightmare. I got home, spent hours staring at the window. Then i picked up the drugs and alcohols stashed away in my drawer. I was hoping maybe it was just a nightmare, and i'll wake up from it. I relapsed. A fucking bender, After being sober for almost a year. Unsurprisingly, i didn't wake up from the nightmare. Because well, it's not. This is real. I just woke up, and i'm writing this so i can remember what it felt when i passed out. I saw him in the dream. I saw us. With our friends, fooling around like we used to. Cigarettes in our hands, music playing in the background. We're chatting about stupid things, important things, everything. God, the things i would do to just do those things one last time...
"My life is falling apart and I don't know what to do  Close  4  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  My life is falling apart and I don't know what to do  I'll start this off by saying I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive disorder and I am on meds. This is not an excuse. These mistakes are my own.
 I just had my car repossessed because I couldn't afford it anymore. My 2 credit cards are almost maxed out. I don't have a job and have not had any luck getting one. Thankfully, I do not have to worry about homelessness because I am living with parents.
 I am most likely going to have to file for bankruptcy. I don't know what entails with that.
 I'm just so angry with myself because I can't be a responsible adult. I'm failing at everything and making no real changes for the better. I failed every class with the last semester I took and I'm really, really dumb. What is wrong with me? Why can't I control my impulses? I am just such an abject failure in everything I pursue. I honestly have no idea how I graduated high school. I don't even know basic syntax in English even right now I'm making guesses where to put commas.
 I am just so apathetic and don't have anything to live for anymore(don't worry don't have the energy to do anything harmful to myself to whoever is reading this). I do want to die though. Everything is weighing down on me and I'm broken, I'm stretched thin."
"My life story is long, upsetting, and frankly a little unbelievable at points, so I’ll spare all those details, despite the fact that they give context to my suffering.
 The point is, is that recently I’ve moved states, because I wanted to leave a very stressful job I had elsewhere.
 I now live with my father, who is mostly insensitive and mechanical in regards to my existence.
 The extent of his relationship with me seems to be him asking why I don’t make much money, and constantly telling me to get another job and suggesting random jobs for me to do.
 He also says I should just get up and go, even though I have no emotional motivation.
 Unfortunately, I now have a tedious and mundane job working at a call center, and it feels as if my mind has been put through an incredibly dull blender.
 The majority of my co workers are in their sixties or more, and what few people I can relate to don’t care enough about me to remember I exist outside of the office, so I don’t have a strong  friend group or support system.
 What’s more is that I was recently diagnosed with genital HSV-2.
 I’ve had two sex partners my entire life, and I know I got it from my first one because we had unprotected sex once and the infection is localized to a point that is usually covered by a condom.
 She decided to ignore me a long time ago, so I can’t tell her about it.
 Anyway, with a lack of money, a car, friends, and now the end of my hope for a sex life, I no longer want to live. I’ve felt that way for some time now, but the feeling is especially strong now.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression in the past.
 No offense, but I don’t need to be told that things will get better and that I just need to hold on.
 Are there any suggestions as to what I can do? I’m not stoic enough to put myself through rigorous daily exercise. The pain of it outweighs any other feeling I get. I do take a lot of long walks."
"My mentally ill son is worried about me.  missive  Close  21  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  My mentally ill son is worried about me.  missive  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Severe Panic Disorder with Agoraphobia, PTSD and OCD (all diagnoses started from early teens until now). My 13 year old has schizoaffective disorder and is on the Autism Spectrum and he's been hospitalized with hallucinations and stuff.
 So, my son obviously has a very hard time going to school even when he's in a special satellite classroom and is given a lot of leeway as to his academics and such. Today was the first day back to school from the winter break. I was shocked that he even went today after being off for so long but he did. So about midday I sent him a cute cat gif (he loooooves cats) and told him I hoped he was having a good day. He texts back that his day is fine but he was really worried about me.  I asked why. He said because he's noticed that I'm more grumpy and quick to anger lately and he was afraid to leave me by myself. So....I sobbed for a while. For someone who you don't think notices anything that isn't something he's obsessed with to notice something that you're actively trying to hide from them...it's a lot.
 It's really hard to have a mental illness (or many mental illnesses) and to parent a child with with a different mental illness. We have a lot of moments when we bump heads and now that he's a teenager...yikes. But we do have moments where we bond and get along really well. I guess I just figured that he was so focused on everything going on inside his own head that he wouldn't notice me having a hard time."
My mom has borderline personality disorder. AMA  Close  5  Posted by  1 month ago  My mom has borderline personality disorder. AMA  I’m 32 years old and have had an idea that my mom has some kind of mental disorder. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and general anxiety disorder. I have recently been informed that my mother had been clinically diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. I am starting to realize I experienced a lot of mental and emotional abuse as a child without understanding I was constantly being manipulated. I hope some of you can help me deal with this new information and I hope I may be of help to someone else. Ask me anything!
My mom is a drug addict, I need advice on how to not be afraid to come out and get put with someone other than her because I can't handle it anymore  Advice Received  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  My mom is a drug addict, I need advice on how to not be afraid to come out and get put with someone other than her because I can't handle it anymore  Advice Received  My mom has been a drug addict for 8, almost 9 years..I cant deal with it anymore, I need to get into a new household away from her. She runs out of her 90 xanax in about 10 days (9 a day) plus her pain pills (which idk how many she gets) so she'll steal my grandpas medication, he tries giving her the medicine (like shes supposed to take it) she needs to take so she doesnt run out and steal but she gets mad and says he treats her "like a child" (which with her very low brain skill, she mentally is a child. Not being disrespectful to her, but it's the truth and theres mentally no difference from her and a toddler. Example: both get mad when they cannot get what the desire, both make stupid choices, etc.) As I'm typing this my grandfather texted me and he informed me that hes missing more pills. Everyone is tired of her foolishness but we're all too afraid to go to anyone about it. We've had child services come to the house a few times but my mom always found her way to be a little weasel and cause me to continue suffering. She thinks my depression is because I wanna be like friends (don't understand how, when I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder by two doctors) but really it's from her, everything is from her. Trust issues? Her because she lies. Anxiety? Her because she constantly (purposely) tries embarrassing me and constantly criticizing every thing I do. Depression? Her because of her drug problems. I just dont know how much longer I can go without putting one of the guns we have into my mouth and pulling the trigger. I'm so tired of living in this place, having to deal with constant shit. I have friends over, she acts nice, but when they leave she constantly judges them and scolds me for becoming in contact with such a person she dislikes. I just wanna get out of this house.
My mum says I'm selfish  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  My mum says I'm selfish  I confessed how I felt To my mother yesterday after reaching a boiling point of trying to supress my feelings. I've been diagnosed with major depressive and anxiety disorder and my birthday is always something that I dread, I feel like there's pressure to have a good day and when all my plans were ruined for the day by an argument yesterday I felt completely overwhelmed, disappointed and gutted to spend another birthday alone and miserable. I confessed this to my mum who told me that I'm selfish, people have 'real problems' and I need to stop thinking 'poor me' all the time. It made me think, am I really depressed? Or am I just a selfish person that gets sad when I don't get what I want? I feel so alone and even though I have friends and family I don't feel like anyone really cares or wants to know. I'm spending my birthday alone in bed with my cat. Is it so terrible to have wanted a nice time? 😞 There are other issues going on with me if course, it's just that my birthday today seems to have triggered something. Does anyone else get the same with birthdays?
My name is Jennifer, and I’ve lived with mental illness for most of my life. I’m diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety and an eating disorder. I have high-functioning mental illness, so even at my worst, I appear to be at my best. I’ve been able to live a full life, and, on the outside, I seem to have everything together. My parents didn’t know, my family and friends didn’t know, and even I pushed my symptoms down and thought if I worked hard enough and was a good person, they would just go away on their own. I’ve always felt blessed in a way to have my brain, because it gave me the drive to succeed. I worked hard at everything I did in order to prove something. So, my mental illness never held me back—it drove me forward. But it’s still taken a huge toll on me along the way. My purpose in sharing my story is to give a face to that famous quote: “Everybody you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about… be kind.” People with mental illness are not “crazy,” they are sick and trying to live a full life with real health conditions. Please try to remember that and show compassion, even if you don’t understand why someone is struggling. Take time to educate yourself as you would do with any other medical issue. And if somebody opens up to you, please try to listen. While we’ve certainly come a long way in understanding mental health conditions, there is still so much stigma and misinformation out there. And after three decades of battling my brain, I thought it was time for me to do something to help people understand. That’s why I decided last year to use my annual PlanksGiving event to support mental health advocacy and NAMI. I started PlanksGiving in 2012 to do my small part in this world to try to make a difference. I am a fitness professional, so planking is something I use with my clients as a core exercise, but for me, it’s always been so much more. Planking helps me “feel” at times when I feel numb and lost inside my illness. When I plank, it’s like a kind of meditation. It makes me feel strong physically and has taught me I am strong mentally too.
My name’s Mia, I’m 15. I started cutting after a move from my home town to the city I’m in now, and a year of hating my new school and having no friends, just a boyfriend who I dated on and off for most of that year. He broke up with me, and went out with my best friend, back in my hometown. That was the incident that first got me into cutting, I’m in therapy now and they say that my depression (I’ve been diagnosed with major depressive disorder) could be directly linked to the fact that I was sexually abused as an infant. I do not believe that there is a point to life and I would die now if I thought I had the courage. When I do, I wont try to kill myself. I will succeed.
"My nana is a piece of shit and I shouldn't have saved her life.  Close  61  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  My nana is a piece of shit and I shouldn't have saved her life.  Before anyone gets upset about this, let me explain.
 So my Nana (maternal grandmother) is the biggest piece of shit I've ever met and I don't think I should have stopped her from killing herself.
 She put me and my two cousins through hell and back each and everyday until she ultimately ended up trying to kill herself and leaving us in foster care.
 Everyday would be a fight with her for no reason and over the stupidest shit, she blamed us for everything wrong in her life, told us she wished she never had kids so we wouldn't exist, and threaten us with the cops and with foster care every day. And this was on a good day.
 She was ok with one of us, I will call her K, but hated the other cousin, C, and I with a burning passion. She would come into my room screaming to the top of her lungs at me and be in my face for hours at a time and I couldn't do anything besides sit there and cry and beg her to stop in fear of getting harassed by the cops again. Though I did fight with her a few times. When I did fight back, it was horrible and would send me into depressive episodes (I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder). And she would just come in and tell me to kill myself because no one cares and I would rot in the room.
 There was a time when K, age 15, tried to get pregnant to have a reason for emancipation to get away from nana. Her tests came back positive and we had to tell nana. Nana's response was to grab her should and punch the cousin in the stomach four times and told her ""I hope you and your devil baby die""
 The other cousin just recently told us while he was waiting for us to get home from school (he got home about an hour before us) nana locked the door and chased him into his room with a knife. The timeline he said matched up with a particular instance that K and I came home to a locked door and C was scared to come out of his room.
 She also called the cops on us seven times because of petty arguments she started. It was always the same assholes every single time. Wouldn't ever let us talk and called us stupid minors and told us the could wait until we are eighteen so they could 'properly deal with us.'
 She tried to kick me out several times, telling me to go live with my homeless parents. And there was one time she texted me at school and dared me to come back to her house. I was scared to go back, so I walked around town until it got dark ( school let out at 3:30 and it didn't get dark until about 9-9:15) and I called my ex aunt to come get me and she brought me back to nanas.
 One night we all got into it. It started when K didn't want to go to her appointment the next day. That prompted nana to go into a psychotic rage and started screaming at us all telling us she hated us and wished we were never born. We all were screaming for a bit, until she left and started crying loudly. I ignored it because she had done it before and it was a trap to call the cops. K went in and talked to her and called for me. When I got in there K was holding her arms apart while nana had a knife in one hand. I helped keep her from killing herself all the while she was biting, screaming, and kicking me. We couldn't get the knife out of her hand, so we had to call the cops, and sent C out to wait for them to arrive. Low and behold it was the same assholes as always.
 We went to our room and cried and the cops came in screaming at us calling us everything imaginable. I heard her say send the devils to juvie. If the on call social worker hadn't dealt with us before, we would have went to juvie that night.
 We are now in foster care and we have now learned nana told the cops that I held her down while C beat her up and K tried to slit her wrists.
 And I don't know what's worse, the shit she put us through, or the fact K backstabbed me and takes her side and is saying I'm a liar even though I saved her ass multiple times for getting arrested."
My own mental health  Close  1  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  My own mental health  So I'm about to finish my lvn program in March god willing. I live in California. I have been going to see a therapist about my depression and anxiety. Its very well documented. I have been "diagnosed" with major depressive disorder based on the questionnaire I fill out at the beginning of every session with my therapist. She told me that they aren't real diagnoses because I haven't actually been seen by a psychiatrist. My therapist is an MFT. I don't take any psychiatric medicine. I don't do any drugs. Even weed. I drink less than monthly. And as I said I've never been seen by a psychiatrist. Would  I have to disclose any of this to the board? Would it be a considerable problem for me? And if it ever got to the point where my depression needs to be controlled with medication or psychiatric treatment, would it be an absolute end to my nursing career? Also when I'm done with lvn I wanna go into rt. I'd imagine it's similar. Right? Thanks so much!
"My partner doesn't support public access with my psychiatric service dog  Close  9  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  My partner doesn't support public access with my psychiatric service dog  Short version: My partner of 1.5 years and I are having conflict over my dog. How do I educate/explain to my partner, family, friends, coworkers that even though I am not having a current flair up of psychiatric symptoms (that hour, day, week, etc.) I still have the right to have a service dog with me in all public places?
 He thinks if I have a SD she should be at my side every moment of every day. She is a dog; she needs breaks, I need breaks. Not all activities are practical to participate in with a 60 pound dog at my side and because my symptoms are predictable (I know my triggers, when I am having a god/bad day) I don't feel like I ALWAYS need her next to me. How do you explain this to people? He thinks I am picking and choosing when/where I want to bring her, and in a way I am.
 (FYI: My dog is a beautiful bully breed. She attracts a lot of attention and does not fit the stereotypical image of a service dog.)
 Detailed version:
 Timeline July 2013: I adopted the dog with the intentions of training her as a psychiatric service dog. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, PTSD, and generalized anxiety disorder. I trained her in basic obedience and socialized her very well but my lifestyle (farm life) didn't require me to go in public often.
 November 2015: Started dating partner. Within the first few months, I told him my ongoing intentions of training her as a psychiatric service dog.
 December 2015: Moved from farm to city to live with partner. Anxiety and depression increased with dramatic environmental changes.
 May 2016: Major relapse in PTSD symptoms, depression, and anxiety. I immediately started seeing a psychologist and began to focus my energy on training my dog (with a professional trainer) for service tasks and appropriate public access behavior.
 June 2016-Present: I have put in hundreds of hours in group classes, private training, and training at home. I have also been managing medications with a psychiatrist, seeking out the right therapist, group therapy, practicing yoga, exercising, and exploring other forms of self care in hopes of taming my symptoms. (edit: I had my psychologist and primary care physician both write me letters recommending I have an ESA or service dog.)
 Current: I have gone into details of the trauma that caused my PTSD with my partner and have explained why my dog and I qualify as a service dog/handler pair. He and I have flown multiple times with her as an ESA and then SD, and stayed in hotels with her as my service dog. When at home, I usually don't take her into stores/restaurants, unless I am by myself, but she goes to the office with me as a SD (his office, had to get landlord's approval to have a SD inside and he supported me), and if she isn't by my side in public, she is in the car waiting for my return; I don't leave home without her. He still doesn't understand why I feel the need to put a vest on her and have her into a restaurant because I am not physically disabled or blind.
 See questions in ""short version"". Thanks for the support."
"My sister has 3 completely different moods/personalities  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  My sister has 3 completely different moods/personalities  I'm here to see if anyone can help point me in the right direction with regards to my sister, or even just some support.  * Heads up, long read!
 I, myself have suffered with mental illness for half my life. But I am just starting to realize that my sister might have something serious going on. She has also been on anti depressives for depression and anxiety but just in a general way. My whole family has been on them but just from GP's. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, with generalized anxiety and mood swings, although I feel this is wrong. But this is not about me. My sister is 35 I am 28. Just a bit of family history..
 She has a couple of different sides to her.
   She is super caring, friendly, loving and nice! She has been like a second mom to me. She will listen to advice and is able to communicate. She is helpful, supportive and  isn't selfish and is an amazing person/sister/mom.
   This is the part that is the worst. She becomes this angry, hostile person. Who is beyond rude and so condescending. Nothing anyone says is right, she knows everyone. If anyone says anything to her she becomes so defensive and starts arguing. She is selfish and so rude and a bully. My mother will bend over backwards to help her ( us) and my sister is just beyond rude and un thankful. Also treats my mom like she is stupid sometimes. She controls her partner with an iron fist. He can't even make decisions for himself with their family. Then she gets mad at him because he constantly asking her things, Like; When to feed the baby, how to feed the baby. How to put him to sleep etc etc. But if he didn't do her way, all hell would break loose. So he can't win. Her whole house and their whole living is micro managed by her. But then she gets so mad at him cause he's annoying her, and acts like a child. But she treats him like a child. She is emotionally abusive, to everyone in her life. I tried to explain this to her in a loving way but she gets so defensive. It's almost like she can't understand why things are happening the way they are even though it's because of her reaction to everything. If anyone in our family tried in a loving, caring way, Or in a brutally honest way to tell her about how she is reacting and how she is being very rude, bullying and condescending, it's starts a huge war. We have even tried to just focus on our feelings and how we are feelings about the way she is acting. But that's almost worse. Now everyone in my family just tip toes around her. Everything ends up being about her, because no will stick up to her. Because we have tried every way possible. She just never can see where someone else is coming from. Even when multiple people are saying how what she does makes them feel. We have been dealing with this for 10+ years. She always thinks we're being mean, or crazy and she isn't acting the way we are saying. Sometimes when we talk or argue, it's like she is not seeing reality. I sometimes am mind blown by her reactions to someone saying something nice or caring etc.. It's excessive and worries me. Seems she is out of touch with other people's feeling, emotions and even reality sometimes etc
   Other times she is depressed, stressed and not happy in life. She spends way too much money on material things, then is stressed over having money for bills! She wants to move out of province to afford things better but wouldn't even be able to afford the move and the cost of living is about the same but she won't see those points or look into the other sides of things. She would be away from her immediate family and we have a very close relationship. When she is in one of these moods , she will take advice and support in a loving caring way from the rest of the family. We can actually talk to her about life and changes and things that might help. When she drinks alcohol she cannot control herself and makes bad decisions. ( She has history of drug addiction)
   Her moods have ruined a lot of family outings and dinners. We all have history of addiction, and for the longest time we thought she was still using drugs, or using again. But I know she isn't using drugs ( I'm pretty sure) and am now starting to think there is something else going on.
 Her whole life and everything she does becomes extremely stressful, she also makes everything out be extremely stressful. Getting her older child ready for school in the mornings becomes the biggest job ever. She doesn't work right now. Is home with her new baby. Her house is always rushed and stressful. The children are extremely over stimulated. Partially because she does this to them and the constant stress in the house. Which isn't making anything easier. But again she won't listen to any advice or suggestions! Her children are suffering from some of this and we can see the problems of them living in an overstimulated, stressful environment. She has had some serious issues already with her Older child and his behaviours.
 She literally changes between these 3 moods on a daily basis. When she calls I never know which one I will be talking with. Sometimes she just completely takes something completely the wrong way.. Like excessively. Not simply, like we all do sometimes. It's crazy.
 Thank you to anyone who managed to read through this. I'm fairly new on Reddit but this is an amazing place to be able to talk with people, or get help and opinions!"
"My state (PA) is adding anxiety to it's list of reasons to get prescribed medical marijuana.  Patient Question  Close  47  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  My state (PA) is adding anxiety to it's list of reasons to get prescribed medical marijuana.  Patient Question  I have been diagnosed with major depression and severe anxiety and was prescribed Lexapro back in November. I am wondering what the first step would be after anxiety is added to the list officially on July 20th. I don't have a primary doctor for my anxiety, I went through my college counseling center when I was diagnosed and prescribed.
 Someone reccomended an app called ""WeedMaps"" to find a doctor that can prescribe it, anyone heard of it? Not sure if this is a stupid question, but do you think I will face any resistance of acquiring a medical card for my anxiety? In all honestly, I do have severe anxiety, way more than depression, and I do already self medicate with marijuana I buy from friends, as it helps me wonders.  But I'm concerned if I go to a doctor asking about medical marijuana they will say I'm already on Lexapro. Not sure if that happens or not haha.
 Thanks to all, sorry for being a noob I never thought I would be in the position!"
"My suicide attempt changed my family, and I don't know if it is a good thing or not.  Close  14  Posted by  4 months ago  My suicide attempt changed my family, and I don't know if it is a good thing or not.  I finally got myself to write this. This have been 3 years I believe since everything ever really goes down hill, but here I go.  Also this might trigger many people and I clearly don't want that so please thread with caution.
 Some backstory: I have grown in a family that never really believes in mental illnesses. Their ignorance on the topic was pretty hard to see at first mostly because I never talk to them about it. It is very apparent after this incident though.
 I will not bore you with my life story so I will start with the situation that lead me to my attempt. The only thing I have going for me is my grades and my knowledge, and like many other situations I have seen with people that have too much expectations, I failed. To be more precise I failed hard in my 3rd semester in my freshmen year of college.
 My sister went to the same college in America (I'm from Asia) with me at the time and we did help each other on the first few semesters. But she have her own classes and I have mine so when I was left to my own devices, my symptoms sky rocketed. Not at first, not really, but it built up. I become extremely tired all the times, and many days I won't want to get up from my bed at all. I don't look at my phone, play games, or well, do anything except laying there. I do have to pretend to be productive because I am in the same house with my sister after all. I chalk this up to, well, laziness and blamed myself for it. I saw so many people self diagnosed themselves wrongly and I really doesn't want to do that, and in a sense ever bringing it up because I am scared that I will be shot down for making excuses. Long story short, my grade fell dramatically, and my sister did know. Not my parents though. I asked her to cover up for me for one semester which she did, I believe that I will be able to pull myself up in the next semester. I obviously didn't.
 And so it started. Before the finals hit I planned my suicide. At the time my reasoning is that, well, I fucked up. I realized how stupid I am and that I have wasted my parents money so much that its better if I just kill myself now, so that they don't have to spend more on me. Looking at it now its extremely stupid and selfish of me to think that way. Anyways I used the week for planning. Now that I think about it, it was pretty funny.
 Since its pretty much planned, as soon as I woke up I know that it is the day. I cook myself some food. Man does it taste bad too, and I planned to have a good meal before I died as well. Anyways I called an uber to take me to a lake, but before that to stop at a Walgreen. I bought some sleeping pills then, 2 packs to be exact. What I didn't know at the time is that eating the whole thing won't make me go to sleep either way, for some reason. Anyways I have the uber find me an open lake at night. It took us a long while but we found one, even funnier is that the uber driver himself, trying to be friendly talk about how I can get into some dangers, or get killed, in the lake at night alone. I laughed at his joke, realizing how close it is to reality that is. I paid him he drove off and I think everyone knows what happened next.
 I texted my family and friends good bye texts, my wills, etc. I put my phone on mute and down all the sleeping pills I bought browsing the internet for the last time before I made the jump. There are barely people there at the time, with only a few passerby here and there. After a while I made a decision and jumped. My mistake is, I didn't know the water is shallow. Climbing up and back to the bench was a lot harder than jumping down, especially with now some bruises on my leg from the impact with the rocks. I'm lucky no one is there at the time, I am extremely embarrassed at that point. Freezing to death scares me, because the only reason I took sleeping pills is because I'm hoping I will sleep and not feel the pain as I died. That, well didn't work out and after sitting there for God knows how long, starting to shake violently, I realized I am not going to fall asleep anytime soon. In the end I called my dad, my sister already called the police, I texted her my location before my phone ran out of battery, the police came and I went to the ICU because apparently I nearly died from hypothermia?
 The real deal starts after though. My family acts like I'm a breakable glass after, and I only went to a psychologist once and that's it. I talks to a psychiatrist in the hospital but I never gave them the real answers. Well, I gave them a true enough answer, but not absolutely true. Anyways I still didn't got myself diagnosed by then, of course I have to fly home and talk things out. My mother at the time, because of my suicide had finally shown extreme signs of schizophrenia. Hearing voices, creating her own scenarios, literally think the government is out for her one time. It was crazy, but still my parents dismiss the mental issues. Asia is extremely conservative against mental illnesses being a thing, there are rarely any actual good psychologist or psychiatrist where I live. I once again got accepted to another university in the US. My mother went with me this time, but after her crazy outburst one day, she went and knocks the door of everyone at the same apartment and telling them to shut up even though they haven't made any noises,  the police were called and after talking to my father I take my mother home and went back to continue my university. In the end, I fucked up again. My depression got worse, I have no one to pretend for so I some days doesn't get out of bed for days on end. Doing nothing but staring at the blank wall. Same thing happened, failing and nearly got expelled, called my parents and went back to my house again.
 Still, no talks. But now there is a new problem. My mother. When she is back and I'm still in university, one day she have a bad fight with my dad and went to sleep in a guest room instead. She overdose herself that night and my father, seeing that she never sleep in this much, discovered her and got her into the hospital. The doctor, suggest putting her in a mental ward. My father and younger sister denied and finally they took my mother to see a psychiatrist. This shifts their view of mental illnesses, slightly but not fully. Things happened, but now my mother focuses on me as the person to put all her attention in. So I usually am the one who got berated for every little things I did wrong as I lived in the house. My got into university in my country so I could still live with my parents and my grade, though isn't as bad as before, also is not the best. Which obviously angers my mom. After 2 semesters I finally opened up a talk about my depression.
 The thing with my depression is I never truly know it? It always usually just feel empty, like there is a veil over my emotions. I can't truly feel happy even though I should have been happy. After all I'm having fun. But its never fully there. I learnt later that I have Asperger's Syndrome as well, for me specifically, I have a hard time understanding and feeling as much emotions as a normal person does. So that creates several problem to my depression. After all I'm not that sad? How could I have depression right? I remember my father said that he had also thinking of wanting to die once but he doesn't have depression, so I shouldn't have one as well. He said that I can overcome it if I tried 'hard enough'. Its not of course just like that. The thought of dying run rampant in my mind every single day of my life. Me just looking at an ordinary road can lead me to think of getting hit by a car and dying. Me looking at a bridge always make me visualize myself jumping into the water and drowning to death. It was constant, it was always there, it was everyday. I have a psychiatrist that I talk to every few months now, I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, and I am on anti depressant meds. I have been better than before. Still couldn't stop my thoughts, but I usually just ignore it.
 But my family dynamic now changed. My mother have her own mental issues now, and at times she will blow up at others, mostly me, and though I sometimes can't handle it and break down my dad will tell me to just accept her outburst and don't react. It is hard and my dad have a hard time understanding my illness. He finally got a bigger image when I told him about my whole suicide attempt in detail a few days ago. He thought that I didn't actually tried to go through with it, so when I confirmed with him that I jumped he went quiet. I talked about wanting to die with my parents twice, and the reactions, though supportive doesn't truly help, especially I didn't want to burden them more than I already am.
 I'm sorry for it being such a long rambling. It is my first time on here and I finally decided to let this out somewhere, and I think this is the place for it."
"Myself [24F] and my friend [25F] are concerned about our mutual friend’s [25M] drinking and weight gain, looking for productive communication strategies.  [new]  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Myself [24F] and my friend [25F] are concerned about our mutual friend’s [25M] drinking and weight gain, looking for productive communication strategies.  [new]  I met 25M during our first year of university, when I was nineteen and he was twenty. Two years later, he introduced me to 25F. A year after that, 25F signed a lease on a two bedroom apartment and started renting out the second bedroom to 25M (he is not on the lease). Since around May of this year, 25F has expressed concerns to me about 25M’s self-destructive habits, many of which I have noticed myself (although not to the extent she has since they live together).
 Ever since I’ve known him, 25M has been a big drinker. I rationalized it by telling myself everyone parties hard during undergrad and that he has always been a big, tall guy. It takes way more for him to get seriously drunk than it does for me. However, I have always noticed he seems to get belligerent and aggressive when he’s drunk. Again, I rationalized it away by telling myself that a lot of people are assholes when they’re drunk. I know he had a rough childhood (absent father, emotionally neglectful mother, abusive stepfather) and now takes antidepressants. He says he doesn’t have the money to go to therapy.
 There have been episodes where he’s gone too far while drunk. One of the worst involved him physically assaulting a friend, taking too many of his antidepressants in an apparent suicide attempt, and having to go the hospital to get his stomach pumped (I say it was “apparent” because he denies being conscious of his actions, I don’t know if he’s telling the truth or not but I choose to believe him). He has generally gotten aggressive with many people while drunk, I don’t drink with him much anymore so most of my information about his drunken behaviour is second hand.
 There is one recent incident that I found out about through 25F that deeply concerns me. 25M attended and got drunk at a work function. He stole ten bottles of alcohol from the bar and mouthed off to someone higher up in management than him. He very nearly ended up getting fired, honestly if he wasn’t so charismatic and intelligent he probably would have been. But his direct supervisor vouched for him, said he was indispensable, so he kept the job. I found out all of this through 25F and when I confronted him about it, he brushed it off with a joke.
 In addition the drinking, we have both noticed he has gained quite a bit of weight over the past year. Enough that it’s noticeable on a 6’4 adult man. I would estimate him to be ~300 lbs. As I’m writing this I’m scrolling through his Instagram and the difference between October 2017 and October 2018 is shocking. I don’t judge people with eating/weight problems, hell I’ve suffered from a binge eating disorder since I was a teenager and only in the past couple years have a gotten a handle on it. I suspect he also suffers from BED but that is just speculation on my part. The amount of weight gain in such a short time really scares me. According to 25F he eats takeout and drinks almost every night (which makes me wonder why he can’t use the money he spends on expensive takeout/alcohol on a couple of therapy sessions). We have both invited him to join the gym with us, have both attempted to introduce him to healthy cooking. I have been diagnosed with major depression and dysthymia and 25F has an anxiety disorder, and we’ve talked to him about how maintaining a consistent exercise schedule and healthy eating habits has significantly helped our mental health. He shrugs us off and is generally resistant.
 25F wants him to move out. She thinks he is an alcoholic (she’s probably right) and says living with him is stressful. In addition to the drinking/weight problem, he’s a slob. I’ve spent time living with them when I was between apartments and he rarely picks up after himself. 25F thinks he doesn’t respect her apartment and the living situation enables his worst behaviours but is scared of losing the friendship if she asks him to move out. I’ve told her I support her asking him to move out, I don’t think she should be obligated to keep living with him, I think he sometimes takes advantage of her kindness and I would help her with the tricky conversation if needed. We are both trying to toe the line between being gentle and supportive due to his rough life and mental illness and being enablers. I’m scared that if we push too hard or are unsympathetic about the drinking and weight gain we will lose the relationship with him and push him even further into self-destructive habits. I’m also aware that he’s an adult with a salaried job and that if he doesn’t want to take care of himself or improve his behaviour, no amount of cajoling on our part will change his mind.
 I just don’t know what to do. I really care about this man. He’s one of my oldest friends and has supported me through some of the hardest parts of my life. I don’t want to throw up my hands and give up on him, but I don’t want to continue silently enabling or looking the other way from his bad behaviour. Due to his shitty childhood our friend group is his only support network, his family is utterly useless. I’m also deeply concerned that 25F is being taken advantage of and I want to help her stand up for herself in this shitty situation. Does anyone have experience helping friends who have drinking problems? I’m looking for non-confrontational and non-judgmental communication strategies that are firm and won’t coddle his destructive behaviour but won’t destroy our relationship or push him further into alcoholism.
  TL;DR:  25M is living with 25F, is probably an alcoholic and has BED or something similar. Myself and 25F are concerned for his health, want to help him without pushing him away OR further enabling his behaviour."
"Mystery illness and unable to sleep  Close  6  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   1 year ago  Archived  Mystery illness and unable to sleep  Hi AskDocs!
 GEN INFO AND BACKGROUND : I'm 19, Female, 5'7, and constantly varying day to day between 170-180lbs ( this is normal for me) I'm mixed race white and  Hispanic Native American. I vape, but do not smoke and have limited this while sick. I'm located in the north texas area and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, ptsd, and GAD. I've also been told I have an immune disorder and visited multiple doctors (immunologists,  infectious diseases, etc.) to figure out what it is, and after countless tests they've been unable to diagnose any specific condition. Their tests did reveal i have some sort of inflammation present almost continously through my body. This immune disorder has lead to me catching a slew of rare illnesses ( meningitis although vaccinated, heart attack from infected heart at 18, and two incidents of mycoplasmic pneumonia). And is believed to have lead to my current issue.
 CURRENT ISSUE : I've been sick for three (going on four weeks) and visited the doctors twice. They've run flu on me twice and both came up negative, they've also tested me for strep, mono (all negative) as well as run a full blood panel to find out additional information/possibilities. ( My blood results were supposed to have returned days ago but every time I call they just tell me to call again tomorrow and I'm tired  of being sick so I'm here). I've been presenting flu symptoms like congestion /drainage, post nasal drip, naseau, fever at a few times, vomiting, muscle aches, fatigue, and intense sore throat,  for the past  three weeks. At first this caused me to sleep more than often, I figured this was usual. But as of Tuesday the 5th I've had extreme difficulty with sleep. Between the 5th and 8th I've likely slept a total of 5-6 hours. I'm physically exhausted at night  but just cannot fall asleep. I've been able to function and participate in my normal daily activities and attend school.
 Docs please tell me what to do, I'm tired of being sick and going on 4 weeks of this is rediculous considering I've visited doctors. I'm also ironically tired of not being able to sleep.
 CURRENT TREATMENT: For mystery illness I've been treating it as a cold, used nyquil and dayquil as needed, and pushed fluids to stay hydrated. For sleep I've tried melatonin and other relaxation methods. I'm currently not on any other medications."
"need life advice, was told I can post here by the red pill sub  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  need life advice, was told I can post here by the red pill sub  I'll start off by saying I am 34 years old going to be 35 in a couple months.I am a manlet at 5'7 and kind of chubby at 179 . My teeth have a lot of decay.i got a receided hairline since 15,and I hate my nose it has a bump in it i wish I could straighten it myself. My best feature is my blue eyes but they don't even stand out anymore to me. I have been married and in a long term relationship before. She cheated and left me, this happened at the same time my only ""parent"" ""supporter"" grandfather died.  My life went down hill since.  I was still wanting to move on from her really really bad . I tried so hard for years on mocospace while working a low paying job at meijers, living with my horrible biological mother and her evil husband.  Well I lost my job and by a year later I lost my license to child support, and sold my car for low money to survive.  I ended up homeless and now I'm in a group home. I'm diagnosed with major depression, anxiety and panic attacks but i cannot get ssi no matter how much I tried over the years.
 The problem with women has been a huge part of my depression, the rejection every time, the nasty attitudes, the blocking me on social media. It's so hard to even explain on a post but I don't get respected by anyone at all. I have a couple fb friends and that's it, I have no family anymore.
 There is no jobs around here, case managers do not help me, they won't give me counseling either, I've been waiting on that for 4 months. So not only is my problem with women it is life in general. I have been spending time on incels site, but there really is no solution there except lye down and rot. I feel very very stuck in life and just get treated like complete shit by everybody I come across, I feen for love so bad, but I feel like that ain't happening again.
 I have one daughter she is 11 she lives with her mother which has problems herself and poverty. I can tell my daughter doesn't want hardly anything to do with me.
 Women think I'm ugly and a worthless bum.  I've catfished when I'm bored and the guy I use would get treated night and day better then the real me. They do not block him, and about everyone responds to him.  I've even told them he doesn't work or drive and half of them dont even care. Chad don't have to work to be wanted. As long as he has goals and wants to improve.
 Lastly this just happened today, but I'm upset about it I got a job at kfc taco bell. And today was my first day. I thought finally I can start saving money, but when I got there they put me on the chicken in the back with a guy. I got yelled at by the manager numerous times, the cook said I'm in his way, and expected me to just know what to do, you had to pop chicken and clean the guts and I wasn't grasping it.  And he told me to clean the area and he didn't say what to clean it with. The manager came up to me and said I'm not doing any work so I can leave and don't come back. I said fuck off your training sucks. And I threw my apron and hat. Didnt know what else he said, maybe not to ever come back. But that's just my luck. So I'm looking for the most advice I can get. I'm really depressed with everything in my life. I can't take it anymore."
"Need some direction  Close  17  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Need some direction  I've had it. I'm in my 20s and have been dealing with chronic illnesses since I was a young child. There are so many things I feel like I do not have answers for and I've been at a wall for too long. I need answers, but no doctor ever seems to have any for me. I'm seeing a rheumatologist in a few days but if that fails then I'm not sure where else to go.
  
 Some background:
 I had mono 3 times when I was younger.
 I have hereditary hemochromatosis.
 I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety disorder, panic disorder, alopecia areata, fatty liver disease, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome, and insomnia.
 Once upon a time I was diagnosed with interstitial cystitis. I haven't had any problems with that in multiple years now.
 I have to get blood tests done regularly because of my hemochromatosis. My WBC and Lymphoctyes have been very high consistently for at least the past year and a half (that's as far back as I have records for these in my possession.)
 I deal with some type of virus at least once every two months it seems.
 I was always underweight. I'm not overweight now, but I did gain 45lbs very quickly out of nowhere, without any change of regular activity or diet.
 My symptoms include frequent headaches occasionally migraines, joint and muscle pain and stiffness, overall body pain, memory problems, confusion, trouble sleeping and staying asleep, long periods of being incredibly low in mood, extreme lack of energy, exhaustion/fatigue, occasionally losing chunks of hair (alopecia, considering all things I do consider that a symptom), anxiety, frequent dizziness, head fogginess, heart palpitations, sensitive to heat/get overheated very easily, catch illnesses easily
  
 I just want to know if someone has any direction for me. Maybe someone has similar symptoms and knows what I should be talking to doctors about. Maybe I'm in my 20s and deal with all of these things at once, but I have a hard time believing there's not a collective answer that would explain everything or at least most things. If there was at least I could possibly have a way to feel better."
"Need some insights  Close  1  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Need some insights  Hello, I just had a monthly session with my psychiatrist and here’s what happened. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and in the last few days I drank some alcohol which triggered something inside me, like a memory of me being drunk. Then, I slowly felt another presence from myself overtaking and controlling my body. Not only was this the first time I felt this, whenever I feel like I did something bad even though consciously I didn’t mean harm, I would get confused as to why I did it on the first place.
 He (my psychiatrist) believes that I might have some obsessive compulsions. I’ve been telling him that I might be having Dissociative Identity Disorder, and said that I am too young to have it (I’m M19). But I always felt this way back when I was 14, when I first got diagnosed with depression. I try my best to explain to him what I (collectively) feel, but I feel like it’s going on deaf ears. I might probably have OCD and Depression, but I don’t want to suppress myself. I do believe that I should take my medicines, but if I can stop it with my other selves should I just ask for help from them?
 Sorry if my paragraphs are messy, that’s how my thought process has been for some hours now.
 Ps I also thought of ditching going for him, but if he just wants to make me better then I should at least follow his advice"
Nerve Pain 7 + Years .. Help :(  Close  9  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Nerve Pain 7 + Years .. Help :(  Hi Team, I've had nerve pain for 7+ years (31 now).. Started in my right foot which is kinda is just there now, its not intense but I can feel it vibrating/tingling... as of the last few years I've had a faint tingling on my hand and down the arm. Suddenly, it has become intense, BIG electric shocks, painful chills, stabbing pain in my hand, and in other parts of my body. I get little muscle spasms during cold weather. I am also at the end of the rope. Work is really hard too.... I've been diagnosed with Major Depression which I am not medicated for atm which is purely as a result of the initial problem of the nerve pain... I was also diagnosed with Tarsal Tunnel Syndrome which to me was a blanket diagnosis.. I've had people throw the word CRPS around a few times over the years.. During my best days, I found exercise has helped. I would run 10KM's every second day, swim, play ball. Unfortunately, I tore my meniscus which is preventing me from self managing as well :(.. Ive been down the lyrica, gabapentin route and frankly I dont want to be on meds for the rest of my life.. I've had every scan under the sun with unremarkable findings.. MRI's , CT scans, Bone Scans, Nerve Conduction Tests, been to flipping hypnotherapists too...
"Never seems to get anything right.  Close  6  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Never seems to get anything right.  Hi. I guess I'll start with my name. It's as best of a place as anything. My name is Edward and I just turned 29 this month. I've been diagnosed with major depression and have gone through a slew of medications before deciding to stop. They don't work. They hide the pain if anything or just don't make me feel better altogether. To the name of the title says I can't seem to get anything right in life. I understand that I haven't lived a particularly difficult life compared to poverty-stricken children or victims of domestic violence and etc. But that comes with major depression. And don't worry I'm not going to bore you with my life's story just in a way asking for help.
  
 For the longest time, I've had problems feeling. It's tough to describe but the best word for it is just apathy. No feeling to do anything. Struck me during my teen years and still into my late twenties. I've been diagnosed with high functioning autisim at a young age, If that's even a thing. Inside I feel like ending it every day since nothing really makes me feel any better and nothing really gives me an incentive to keep going. I had no energy to study in school so never went anywhere. I feel so tired and sleepy all the time and can't sleep at night. I know it sounds like a contradictory statement to say to my statement of apathy but I feel hate towards myself. Couldn't get a date till I was 19 and but it was just a pity date by a friend. By this point, I've seen my one friend already go on more dates and girlfriends than girls I've talked to. The point I'm trying to make is that I haven't been lucky in love. Hard to date someone who feels nothing or just hate for himself with several suicide attempts under his belt.
  
 Years later been taken advantage by so many people but without any care for myself, it's led to nothing but hope... hope for death. Often imagine jumping in front of a bus or downing some dangerous chemicals from work. My parents see me as still acting out which is why I finally went to the doctor and lo and behold my tests results reflect when I feel or lack thereof. Parents just ignore it. My friend or anyone I mention it to, especially friends who ask, just ignore it and think I'm being moody and lying about emotions. I've learned how to look like I have emotions over the years which has helped me to look normal but doesn't help my case. By this point, I don't feel therapy would do anything but waste my time.
  
 I want to feel again. It's not something you can just turn on. If anyone says it's easy doesn't know what they're talking about. Food tastes like nothing. Feel no interest at all for sex. Just this all-consuming emptiness. Girls I ask out can sense it in me somehow. I ask why they turn me down and the most common answer is ""because something's wrong with you"". I've decided that if I can't get this resolved this year I'm going to end it finally. No point going on like this. I will make sure my organs and as much of me can be put to good use after death but this can't go on any longer.
  
 Also just about all my posts on Reddit get taken down. I don't understand why. Just part of my bad luck in life. Can't even ask for help or talk about my problems on a place made for discussing depression."
"New Antidepressants  Close  1  Posted by  4 months ago  New Antidepressants  I've been prescribed fluoxetine and lamictal today and i start them tomorrow. i don't know many people irl who take antidepressants and many people in my family outright shun me for getting this sort of help. i just need feedback on how other people felt using these, hopefully as a combo
 for a brief history, i started with venlafaxine in july. then added buproprion a few months later. then my psych added trazodone and buspirone but i stopped taking them shortly after because of how shitty i felt. i'm diagnosed with major depression and some minor anxiety and therapist has always vouched for an SSRI"
New meds  Medication  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  New meds  Medication  So I was on Lexapro 20mg for a while and today I finally went to the doctor to change meds (i made a post a week or two ago here saying how I've been feeling insanely worse on Lexapro) my doctor prescribed me effexor 75mg and said in a week to double the dose. Anyone on this med that can share your experience? I'm diagnosed with major depression, generalized anxiety, social anxiety disorder, and ocd.
"New to post, been lurking a while  Close  6  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  New to post, been lurking a while  I'm posting on the mobile app so apologies if the formatting is weird.
 I didn't even realize that the picking that I do could be classified as a compulsion. For context: I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, complex PTSD, generalized anxiety disorder and borderline personality disorder. My PTSD is in remission and I am in positive recovery with BPD. My depressive episode has lasted longer than a year at this point though. I turn 31 in a month, I'm in a loving queer relationship, and i work full time for a youth serving non profit.
 Basically, I've always had really acne prone skin. Lately I've been reading a lot on  r/skincareaddiction  and here and I've realized that this skin picking thing I do is also something I can stop.
 My ""picking routine"" consists a lot of feeling my skin, scanning, and finding sebaceous filaments or closed comedones and squeezing them out. I have a few larger, hormonal pustules or cysts the n my jaw line. They're full of pus but flakey on top. It's super satisfying to pick and pop them. I also pick the insides of my ears. Like, scraping wax or buildup but since I regularly clean my ears, I actually think that I'm scraping the skin and making things worse.
 I haven't really thought about my triggers - but I suspect it's boredom from lacking energy and motivation. The worst part of my depression is losing the ability to do and enjoy the things I love (hiking, working out, crafting, gardening) because I know those things are also my coping skills. I find myself laying in bed, listening to podcasts and picking my face.
 A couple months ago, I got gel nails to try to abate the urges but they didn't really help.
 I really want to stop, but I don't know how. Does anyone have any advice?"
"Nightmares  Close  2  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   1 year ago  Archived  Nightmares  This is more of a psychology related question, but I was wondering if anyone had any advice or ideas on why I experience this.
 So I’m 16 and have a nightmares almost every night I actually fall asleep. I have been diagnosed with major depression, generalized anxiety, insomnia, and social anxiety. I also have attempted suicide a couple times resulting in hospitalization.
 Anyways, so I have a lot of different nightmares. For instance, I might commit suicide, get shot, everyone might turn on me or betray me in some way, or I might get kidnapped or trapped somehow.
 But there’s one disturbing dream in particular that is reoccurring and that gets me the most anxious when I wake up.  This nightmare basically always involves me murdering someone I really care about in some way.  It’s often accidental, for instance a car crash (with me driving even though I don’t have a license) or falling on them while we’re walking on a bridge causing them to fall and die. Other times it’s something like we’re partying and something happens and they get killed somehow in front of me. I also have this dream often where I’m not myself in the slightest, it’s like I don’t feel anything. In this dream, a friend and i could be walking on a bridge, and then all of the sudden I purposely push them off and kill them. Those types of dreams especially terrify me because it’s like I don’t have control of my own body or actions. I’ve read that dreams of killing others means you are likely angry at them resulting in yourself acting violently towards them in a dream, however, these are almost always people that I’m not angry at in the slightest and that I really love, and would literally take a bullet for. Im not a dangerous or violent person in the slightest, so I don’t understand why my dreams are often filled with so much violence. I just don’t know what’s wrong with me. I have always felt like they might indicate that I’m afraid of other people getting hurt because of me, but I don’t know why I would because I don’t have any trauma that would cause this. Anyways, any feedback would be very much appreciated.
 Also— I have never been diagnosed with psychotic depression, however, I’ve always felt like the symptoms fit me pretty well but the symptoms are just really vague so I really have no idea. But I was wondering if that could possibly cause this?"
No need to apologize! This is exactly the place you should express these thoughts and feelings. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and General Anxiety Disorder, so I know all about how it feels. I used to self-harm and I have attempted suicide many many times. Welcome to the family. You are safe here. I hope you can post more and let us help you through this. <3
"No, it isn't. Fuck people who pretend to have serious problems for attention, it just makes people like me who vent on reddit because we have nobody else to talk to look like attention whores. I have no problem with people joking about it, but there's a line where you are clearly just faking it, in a beyond joking way.
 And before people go around assuming that Im one of those people who is like ""oh, I'm feeling a little down. I'm going to tell everyone that I have been diagnosed with clinical depression!"", I'm not. I haven't been diagnosed (hence why I try to avoid saying that I  have  depression, and rather say I  am  depressed), although at this point I'm 99% sure that I do have depression, (due to the fucking constant suicidal thoughts among many, many other typical symptoms of depression) I'm not going to say I do.
 And I'm not saying that I'm going to kms for attention either, it's just nice to have people to vent to. Even if you aren't really going to change my mind.
 Fucking hell, even just reading through this it makes no sense and contradicts itself ugh. But I wanted to clear some stuff up idk it's late I'm tired"
"Nonstop UTIs from hell or something worse ?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Nonstop UTIs from hell or something worse ?  I am a 18 year old female, I'm 5'6, I weigh 175 pounds, I am Hispanic, I live in the midwestern part of the US, I've been diagnosed with major depression disorder + GAD so I take 200mg of Zoloft every day, and I have been experiencing this certain issue of my urinary tract since February 2018.
 When I was really little (like 5 or 6) I would get UTIs a lot for some reason, eventually I stopped having them. Then BAM I'm suddenly hit with the most excruciatingly painful bathroom break I've ever had. The burning pain was indescribable. I would start sweating and getting chills and goosebumps. This would last for 3-5 hours. I left school a lot during this time bc I couldn't take it anymore, id be driving home sweating, yelling, and hitting the steering wheel.
 I went to my doctor twice in march and both times they said nothing was wrong, but they gave me antibiotics anyway. Things were getting a little better and then one scary day in April I started getting mild flank pain on both sides. The mild pain quickly turned into SEVERE flank pain. I was scared bc not only did my doctor tell me everything was fine but I didn't know a uti could go to the kidneys.
 My parents took me to the ER and I pissed in a cup, had blood taken, and had a cat scan, after 5 hours of being there, they told me it was a kidney infection. I took all of my antibiotics correctly, started peeing before and after sex, drinking tons of water, and keeping clean.
 Things started getting a lot better until a month later, it hurts to pee again. I get on another round of antibiotics. It would be better for a little and then come right back. A few days ago I experienced that same excruciating pain I had in February with sudden sharp quick stomach (around and under belly button), neck, and flanks. Those sharp pains were terrible but over in seconds. I immediately called my doctor and left school bc I was scared.
 Doctor said they found a lot of blood and white blood cells in my urine. She tapped on my kidneys and said it wasn't them bc I would be in extreme pain when she tapped them. I am being put on long term antibiotics (keflex). I've been taking them since Monday and it doesn't burn or hurt when I urinate anymore but I'm still getting those pains in my stomach and flank. I also have been cramping a lot bellow my belly bottom and lower back.
 I don't know what to do ?? Should I be concerned with this ?? Is this something more than a UTI?"
"Normies and the Fucking ""Personality""  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Normies and the Fucking ""Personality""  I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and I'm under the care of a psychiatrist, who is a saint for putting up with all my shit. It's crept up on me for the past 10 years, and it got to the point where I was close to inpatient in a mental health facility. As long as I take my anti-depressant meds, I'm not a hyper-sensitive, volatile psycho. I'm also an emotionless zombie, almost a female Dexter. I have a well-paying job I really like, and I try so hard to do well at it, yet today I was told I need ""more personality"", and ""have natural conversations""
 It stirs up all kinds of shit in me. I was very badly abused and isolated from almost anyone, for eight years. The diagnosis comes as no surprise, given my genetics and environment. Some people who give me that ""personality"" shit have been well-meaning. My abuser for eight years was not.
 What can I do? I can't naturally talk to people. I have a bunch of pre-memorized answers to say, depending on what normies say to me. I sound robotic and scripted, which back-fires on me. I've been told I'm ""disingenuous,"" ""insincere."", even ""fake."" Some people I've walked through have parted like the Red Sea after looking in my eyes.
 I don't feel at all real. I'm not a real human. I'm not one of them. I never will be. I'm not bad, or crazy. I did not ask for this. They don't have it, so they never will get it. It makes me feel that much more alone."
Not actively trying to get better  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Not actively trying to get better  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder almost 3 years now. Since then I've been taking meds and going to therapy. Somehow I think I've progressed a lot but lately I feel like I've been stuck. I feel like I havent been actively trying to help myself; not eating or taking showers even though I know I can, not going to classes, and just generally not helping myself, moping and whining about things I cant do. I try to build myself up by just pushing myself but I just hit bare minimum. I dont know what to do and I don't know where else to go. I hope you guys can help.
"Not hallucinating, but extremely depressed, anxious, and have strange compulsive mannerisms. Where do I fall?  Close  3  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  Not hallucinating, but extremely depressed, anxious, and have strange compulsive mannerisms. Where do I fall?  Hello, I am a 28 year-old male trying to figure things out.  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and General Anxiety Disorder.  Been dealing with these conditions for about 10 years now.  Taken many traditional antidepressants over the years (haven't helped), underwent ECT (didn't help), and am currently taking oral ketamine for the depression (kind of helps).  I also am starting Buspar for the Anxiety tomorrow.
 I also attempted suicide several years ago during what was either a panic attack or psychotic episode.  My memory of the event is foggy, but I obviously wasn't thinking straight.
 Over the years I've noticed that, in addition to the anhedonia from Depression and excessive worrying/racing thoughts from Anxiety, I have these frequent episodes where:
   I often find myself saying random words and sentences out loud, mostly when I'm alone, but it also can happen in the company of others.  This includes cursing and swearing and making vaguely, violent threats towards nothing in particular (""fucking kill you goddamnit"").
   I have to suppress the urge to scream out loud at the top of my lungs and roll around on the floor, crying and whimpering at nothing in particular
   I am restless and agitated and am compelled to pace around the house or outside in the neighborhood while moving my head around in circles and swinging my arms around randomly
   I have this persistent feeling of absolute dread/despair that will not go away.  Even when I try to tell myself that things can get better, these feelings do not go away.
   I have difficulty articulating and expressing my thoughts.  Like I know that I want to make a point about something, but my brain refuses to cooperate.
   However, I do not see or hear things that aren't there.  I don't have any strange beliefs like the government is coming for me or whatever.  Thus, it doesn't  seem  like I would be categorized as schizophrenic, but these episodes I have are extremely distressing and I don't know what to make of them.
 Any thoughts?  Is this psychotic depression or something?  Maybe you folks could shed some light on these concerns of mine.  Thanks."
"Not real sure what sub to post this, so let's try here! Question about mental health.  Close  0  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Not real sure what sub to post this, so let's try here! Question about mental health.  I'm 24 and have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, and have been taking medications for several years now. I've found a combination that works great for me, but the prescriptions have destroyed my libido, and putting strain on my intimate relationship with my husband (he's extremely patient and understanding).
 I've been working diligently for a little over a year now to find a sense of peace, and forging a healthy outlook on myself and on life. I feel better than I ever have in the past.
 My question is: has anyone here been able to stop taking the drugs and consciously be happier, despite the chemical imbalances? My goal is to be med-free (not that meds are a bad thing, just a personal decision). Has anyone here been able to to attain ""mind over matter"" realisticly?
 Edit: I've noticed a lot of down votes on this, and I apologize if I've slighted someone. I just wanted a little hope I guess and a med free, happier life. Thank you very much to those who took time to reply, I'm looking into CBT in my area and if I can find a therapist and routine that works for me."
"Obviously this is a throw-away, but as a long term-member of the numbers as usernames club I'm not sure how much good that'll do me.
 Well, whatever. I have few secrets I'm not ready to make public.
  I'll try to format this somewhat. 
  I'll probably end up giving out enough information that those who know me would be able to identify me. That's okay. I have nothing to hide, except such secrets I have sworn to respect. I take such oaths seriously, so even if you're that one friend of mine who pooped his pants in middle school - rest assured. Your identity is safe with me.
 The only other notable Oath I've taken is never to harm another individual except through defense of another. It's important to me, but I can't imagine that sharing it would result in breaking it, so that's that out there.
  So,  I'm homeless.  Been homeless for about 6 or 7 months. Not as long as many. Can't imagine the struggle of those who have been at this longer than I have.
 I've  never  been unemployed,  never  relied on welfare, and  never  asked for money. I went to school, worked, etc. and this is just how things worked out.
   I have been diagnosed with Clinical Depression/Major Depressive Disorder. 
 Initially I was diagnosed with  Adjustability Disorder.  This is also known as ""Situational Depression"". I was diagnosed with this, according to my personal belief, not because I suffered from some form of temporary Depression, (which can be equally serious, and should be treated with utmost care, especially in the case of young people), but because my doctor was very cognizant of the modern impact of a mental illness diagnosis.
 Well, I can go in to that later.
 Shortly after that Diagnosis - specifically after my 2nd suicide attempt - I was diagnosed with Clinical Depression.
  I have not been officially diagnosed with it, but I also believe myself to suffer from  Post Traumatic Stress Disorder . I suppose it would be apt to admit that my lack of a diagnosis comes from an unwillingness to admit reality.
 I hold great respect for those who have sacrificed their safety for others (regardless of the result), and many such heroes suffer with PTSD. Additionally many who have braved through and continued to live past extraordinarily difficult circumstances such as physical or sexual abuse continue to suffer with this affliction.
 Due to the  extreme  respect I hold for these  survivors  of terrible situations it is unimaginably difficult for me to suggest I am afflicted with  a similar issue as them.
 However, I am a realist. Regretfully I can only admit that I, too, have suffered from some small degree of abuse. This abuse has led to long-term affects on my psyche, and thus, by textbook definition I must admit to technically suffering from PTSD myself.
  The rest of this is simple honesty with no holds barred. It is not truth, of course. No individual perception can claim to be such. But this is my story with nothing left out.
  Chances are very few will see anything of merit here. I'm just a person. There are billions of me, and my story is no more special than any others.
 But there is true merit in seeking to learn from others. It's simple human nature. It is how we progress.
  I was born in the 90s. Like all, or - I'd think at least  most  of us, to two parents. They were not ideal. The knowledge about them I was given by others suggested that they were alcoholics and drug users. Primarily Beer and Marijuana, though I was not provided with specifics.
 My sister - C - is two years or so my senior in this environment. I was far too young to establish much memory of these things. She quickly became the expert in regards to their abuse. Though, for the both of us it is likely that things just were how they were. It's not like we'd know any or be capable of imagining any  other  reality.
 I have been told stories, however. It's hard to associate them with  truth , hard to associate these with my own  real  history.
 I was told that we were not fed. I was told that I spent many hours locked in closets, as, apparently, I made great noise. I was told I regularly attempted to scavenge for food. I was told I regularly failed in such endeavors. I was told we were not clothed. I was told we were not cleaned or bathed regularly. I was told we subsisted on Fast Food. Things like McDonalds.
 I find it interesting that I still survive on such foods to this day.
 It's actually very economical, so I don't have much complaint. I doubt I did when I was young, before I was capable of memory, either.
  Eventually we were rescued. We were taken in by some family - paternal - a loving pair of individuals who regularly came to visit.
 I've been told that we loved them, and that we were extremely grateful.
 I was told that every time they stopped by we were happy.
 I was told that they brought us clothes, cleaned us, and fed us each time they visited.
  We lived with them for a long time. Things were really good, then. This was probably when I started to remember things. I had grown enough to be able to retain memories, and all my memories of those years were good.
 We had a house - it seemed massive. Perhaps because we were small and young. C and I played in the ""woods"", though, it was really just our backyard and some surrounding wild bushes and foliage. We acted the part of explorers nonetheless. Diving in to bramblewood together, conducting  important  foot races. (I always lost.)
  At some point we moved. It was an even greater adventure. A bigger house. A mansion, as far as I was concerned. It had three stories! Unimaginably large. There was an entire room dedicated to play things.  C and I spoke about our dreams as to how to fill it.
  They did not come to pass. I entered school and interacted with C less. She had become distant. That was okay. I got along well with my peers in school.
 The play room remained empty, and, to be honest, it quickly became unused.
  One day there was a mistake. An interruption in my usual norm. C and I each had our  own  bedrooms in this house. Up stairs. (!) My Mother(adoptive) used to carry me down the stairs. She loved us dearly, and enjoyed the act.
 But it wasn't to last. It started with normal complaints. ""You're getting heavy!"" ""You're definitely growing!"" ""You'll be a big boy soon!""
  I didn't learn about it until much later, but my Mother was soon diagnosed with several illnesses. Hyperalgesia Fibromyalgia. Rheumatoid Arthritis. CFS.
  During the following years C and I had already separated a bit. We both were doing well in school, and each had new social circles.
 It wasn't long before we moved again. It was clear that such a large house was a burden on our Mother, which became apparent quickly - even to our childhood selves - but financial concerns became apparent as well, though I wouldn't learn about those until...well, they still don't speak about that.
  We moved to smaller house. But, it was a nice place. C and I relished the new experience. We argued about which rooms to take, but on my part we were not overly concerned. I recall lying down on the carpet next to her imagining future adventures.
  That year our Father(adoptive) had a major heart issue. I actually don't know the cause to this day, but it was the start to a serious of issues.
 That damn highlander had made it through 4 open heart surgeries.
 Perhaps now would be a good time to digress toward him a little.
   T , my Father(adoptive) was 16 when he joined the military. He faked his papers in order to escape a terrible household. By the time he was done with his training he was invited to become a Green Beret. By the time he finished his Green Beret training he received another ""invitation"". He was told that he wasn't allowed to mention to anyone what he was about to hear.
 He became a member of  MACVSOG . He went to Vietnam, and performed special operations and sabotage along the Ho Chi Minh Trail - a key supply line.
 Though, it wasn't until around...mm...2000? I believe... that this was public knowledge. During that time the US didn't 'technically' operate in Laos or Cambodia, after all. (Areas where the Ho Chi Minh Trail navigated through. )
 Later on he told me some stories.
 The first time he used one the new fancy m series. Back then, his group was not allowed to use American Weapons, lest they be traced back. One day he was with another US group and encountered several enemies while on patrol. He fired his weapon and accurately landed several of his 9mm rounds in his target. The individual, in great pain, simply stood back up and attempted to flee.
 The man to his side, a member of a different group, armed with a m16, fired several rounds. ""That Viet was torn right in half"" T said. I couldn't help but picture the scene.
 T said that he admired the weapon so much that he immediately requisitioned one when they arrived back at base.
 T had a lot of other stories and knowledge about his experience during Vietnam that he was kind enough to share. I learned about planting grenades in tin ration cans. About how to properly set up an ambush when your group has inferior firepower. How to survive in a jungle - locate water, food, shelter. We did some live practice. I learned how to shoot a rifle at 5, and how to kill a man at 10.
 T is a good teacher. He eventually began leading groups of 9-12, 3-4 Americans with the rest being native Vietnamese. He taught them to kill. I was raised in a similar manner. Though, I genuinely hope that I failed to learn.
 Eventually he got tired of sneaking in to enemy based and being rescued by helos. So, he thought ""I'll just pay it forward"". He became a helicopter pilot, seeming just because he wanted to, and the military just let him. Simple as that. Honestly, it's still a wonder to me.
 He was good, I think. Well, good at not dying - our family specialty.
 T was shot down 3 times. Once he crashed in to a cliff. Twice hit by RPGs.
 Every even resulted in a multi-day firefight. I've never heard the full stories, but I can't help but picture Black Hawk Down. After all, that's exactly what he piloted.
 I guess eventually they got tired of him. Eventually they sent him to be an instructor. He spent some time in Germany training pilots.
 He also instructed some Army Rangers for some time. He had a few funny stories about that - about how he'd mess with them during their training. Something about sneaking in to their camp at night and cooking chicken. I don't recall the story.
 He spent some time as a Dropmaster, and as a UAV/Drone Pilot during the inception of the concept.
 I'm not 100% on the timeline of those things. He seemed to take pride in the fact that his drone proficiency led to the deaths of over 1800 individuals. I have mixed opinions about taking pride in that number.
  Anyway, that's T. I could write more about him, but that's not what this AMA is about. I have laid the ground work for doing one for him, but we aren't speaking right now. The reasons will become clear as I continue my story. Hopefully.
  T's heart issue didn't strike me super hard. I was still young. I spent the night with a friend. A girl a liked actually.
 C spent the night with a friend - the older sister of a friend of mine.
 Our Mother(adoptive),K, presumably spent the night with her Husband T.
 This ended up extending to several days, as it became apparent that the issue was serious.
  I didn't think much about it. There was one strong memory during this time, though.
 There were these...uh...candies. They're caramel, with cream filling. I think they were called ""Cow Tails"" or something. Maybe some of you guys have heard of them.
 Anyway, they were a treat for me. I loved them.
 T was at the hospital, but C, our Mother (K), and I were at home.
 It was an emergency. We were low on Cow Tails. (!)
 I panicked. Somewhat. I made a hard decision. One I continue to take pride in to this very day.
 I lied.
 I said ""I don't actually like Cow Tails"". (They were my favorite). ""You guys can have them.""
  This was stupid, obviously. They knew I liked them. (Actually it was around 5 years later that I gave in and admitted it.)
 The smart thing to do would have obviously been to divide them up.
 But, somehow, despite being stupid, inconsequential, and objectively wrong, this decision ended up shaping my life.
 I mean, I later learned that neither C nor K even  liked  Cow Tails.
 My ""sacrifice"" was worth literally nothing.
 Though, now, I know that that action helped cement who I fundamentally am, and I know I'd never take it back.
  These were the good years. Even though C and I had grown apart, we were still young and naive.
 Or, at least I was. C was always ahead of me in several regards.
 I mean, she's the one who was old enough to remember being locked in a room. When she did something bad that's what our biological parents did.
 Isolation. The ultimate punishment. ""Time Out"". ""Sit in the Corner"". It takes a whole different meaning when you get locked in. Away from people. A literal corner.
 She remembers. A pale pink and blue room. Clearly, at some point, designed for children. But empty. Devoid of both objects and people. Left alone for hours. More often than not, failing to understand why she was even there. No matter how much she cries, yells, or screams. Alone. Not knowing for how long.
  Well, that's not my memory. That's what C remembers.
  Sometimes people ask you ""What is the first thing you remember?""
 Uh, well, I don't know if that's usual. Maybe some of you have never thought about it.
 Me?
 A...uh...
 ...
 Sliver of light. Mostly darkness, though.
 Feeling...elation? Definitely something positive. The light is good, for sure. It absolutely means something good is coming. Though, the feeling is too raw to identify.
 The light expands - the door opens.
 That's my first memory.
 My first memory is of being locked in a closet and being let out.
  After T(Father)(Adoptive)'s surgery things changed.
 By this time K(Mother)(Adoptive)'s health had also gotten worse.
 She could no longer play with us. Really, it felt like she no longer had any energy at all.
 But, it was okay. We were ""old"". C and I had grown apart, and we didn't worry about it.
  There were a couple events during this period.
 C had a panic attack after school. T treated her very poorly. I thought C might be facing a real medical emergency, but T told C to just ""Get up!"" and yelled at her. She spent several minutes collapsed on the ground.
  T and K weren't home one day. C panicked. I called them using the home phone, and they let us know they had an appointment. C was glad I was there.
  T had another heart surgery.
  C was becoming delinquent.
 The both of us were late back from school one day.
 T was mad, for...some reason. I can't remember.
 He put his hand around C's throat and squeezed.
 It was a red-out. I'd experienced it before myself when my closest friend fought with me, so I recognized it immediately.
 I struck T. By this time I had been deep in to martial arts in order to handle my own personal issues.
 That was the scariest event of my life. I struck him in the face with my fists twice, and he let go of C.
 Like some monster he stood still like I did no damage, despite the fact that I had confident in my technique.
 I struck out with a solid kick to his abdomen. That, too showed no initial effect. At that point I was ready for the worst - that we would need to  really  fight*. It was a good hit, with perfect technique boosted by adrenaline. He took it like nothing happened.
 But, then he just...stopped.
  T sat down at his usual spot, a green arm chair, and to this day he doesn't remember the event at all.
  3 days later I found T in the bathroom. He was angry, but the kind you'd expect from extreme embarrassment. He's not one to admit weakness. The fact that I saw him shitting blood did not sit well with him.
 I did more damage than I thought with my kick. I caused damage where he had recently had surgery, and he almost died.
 I came  Very  close to killing him due to my inability to nonviolently subdue him.
  Things moved forward. Not in a good direction. K's condition worsened. T became more abusive. There were several times where, rather than C, I was the one to have his hand on my throat when I upset him.
 I would have to fight back. Each time I was terribly frightened. I was not afraid that he could kill me - his experience and strength were truly frightening - but his health is poor. I became afraid that I would kill him.
  When his hand went around my neck I knew he would not let go until I submitted - but often times he was suffering himself. He was truly, definitively, suffering from PTSD. I can only suspect that - when his brain chemicals and hormones were overflowing, incensed by the emotions present, he likely imagined me as one of the people who killed his friends.
 The things he said in his dreams suggested so.
 So, every time, knowing he could easily kill me if I don't act, I was thinking many things.
 ""Will this pass without me doing anything?"" (No. Never happened.) ""What should I do?"" (Act? Don't Act? Live? Die?) ""What happens if I fight back?"" (Will I kill him? Do I deserve to kill him? whose life is worth more? I almost killed him once. But he doesn't mean this. He doesn't mean it...so isn't he innocent? If I don't do something I'll die. Should I just Die? Should he?)
 All of those thought flashed threw my head each time.
 But, I never got an answer. I was a martial artist, after all. The point is to train until your reflexes are the right option for survival. My body acted, and robbed my mind of choice each time.
 I'm really, really, fucking glad I drilled how to get out of that situation before hand. I must've spent hundreds of hours drilling similar scenarios.
 In the end I was always able to get out without damaging T. Most of that can be attributed to him being less than sane, and having lower than normal reaction time.
  This was just life for a while. I guess.
 K's health was bad, T's mental health was bad, C...
 C got in to drugs during this time.
 Me again?
 I was in band. I was in math club. I played MTG. I ran a Minecraft Server. I was in Robotics. I ran the school business simulation course. I played Ultimate Frisbee. I had a girlfriend. I was in  jazz  band. I gave lectures on problem solving and analytics. I worked with the state government on a project to redevelop the local economy. I educated other students across the state in business and team development.
 Well. There was more.
 I kept myself busy. My later roommate at one point commented that we spent several months without seeing the sun.
 It was good to be doing something, and I spent as much time away from home as I could. And I could a lot.
  C was raped during this time.
 Now, it's important to state that the great childhood relationship I had with C had been gone for a  long  time. Actually, despite the fact that I was still somewhat protective of her, because that's what I believe brothers should do, I didn't actually  like  C during this time.
 I tried to protect her from T's PTSD as best I could, but I saw her as similar to our parents(biological). She was in to drugs, after all.
 I don't remember much of this time. C didn't open up much. She did know who her abuser was.
 I came very, very, close to killing that man. It was only my Oath that stopped me. It was still a close call.
  Somehow, that event didn't change things.
  Eventually I went to college. Despite the PTSD issues, I still really admired T. This was true from a very young age.
 T and K rescued us, after all. And, really, K made frequent remarks about that for around two decades. Actually she still does.
 So, I felt a great urge to pay them back. Part my nature, part K's insistence.
  When I was medically DQ'd for the military during my college career with the AF, I tried to kill  myself. Twice.
 I thought I'd failed to pay back the debt that I was raised to believe I held towards my adoptive parents. I had no backup plan.
  I basically became homeless shortly afterwards - about 6 months after I dropped out of college.
 I worked at a few different places. One place fired me when they found out I was in a homosexual relationship with a coworker.
 I was living with that coworker because K and T became increasingly negative after my medical DQ. (T distant because I failed to be in the military, K negative because I couldn't pay what I ""owed"" them for adopting me.)
 That boyfriend ended up cheating on me and kicking me out - leaving me on the streets.
  And, that's my story so far.
 Ah, by the way, C is doing really well. We both have dreams that are similar, and I'm proud to say she's working towards hers.
 As usual she's just a little ahead of me. I'll get there.
 Neither of us speak with K or T these days. Maybe some day. A lot of people we know personally don't see how what they did could be traumatic, but they don't get to decide that.
 I also left out a lot of the things K did, because C and mine's opinions about those matters may be offensive to some. But, suffice it to say that K was as emotionally and psychologically harmful as T was physically.
  And uh, I guess, AMA."
off work forms due to depression question  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  off work forms due to depression question  so i have been diagnosed with major depressive dissorder and my doctor recommended that i joined a group session thing that meets 3 times a week... now my question with this is that the doctor said he will give me an off work form stating that i cant work then however can my job use this as leverage to fire me or is there some laws protecting that? (I work part time at home depot and am currently still on probation as i was hired about a month ago)
"Ok so here goes nothing. I am not what anyone would call a believer of anything. I live by myself and work very hard to pay my own bills without assistance. I am a very grounded down to earth person who prefers logic and objectivity to emotions. Also in the interest of disclosure, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety since I was a teenager, but after years of therapy I am functioning fully and have done so for a while. I have rich meaningful relationships with many of my family members and few friends.
 However, I woke up this morning before work and I was deeply ruminating about a very important situation that I am torn about. I felt compelled to do a tarot reading to see if I can gain clairty on the situation. I bought them on a whim when I was a teenager and although I've kept them wrapped and isolated, I've never really worked at the practice. In addition to being spot on about literally everything it was almost screaming at me to face my other side that has been growing more insistent.
 Numerical list because it makes me happy
   I could always read a rooms energy as a child, I only had to walk in the front door and I could tell if my parents had argued even if it was quiet.
   I am weirdly perceptive about people close to me. As a teenager I knew the exact guy my friend was crushing on before she told me. There are numerous other examples, but that one was the easiest to type.
   As an adult, I still get vibes from people for example, wether or not I can trust them or if they are upset by something even if they are hiding it.
   I have always been the go to person for any advice and I can look at a situation from someone else's point of view and understand exactly what they are feeling. Even if it someone that I don't know very well.
   I have seen a ghost/spirit as an adult. It was someone I knew very well and I wasn't scared at  all, just surprised.
   As crazy as it sounds I have always felt a presence in my life that protects me from any and all harm. It is comforting and strong and has enabled me to get through the darkest times in my life and there have been many.
   As a child and as an adult I've felt spirits touch me. Last week I was having a hard time and I was missing my grandfather who passed away years ago. I felt something in my room so I jokingly said out loud ""if anyone is here right now I could really use some help right now"". Immediately after that someone grabbed my hand and held it. I said thank you and they stayed for about 30 min. This is mainly what compelled me to seek advice.
   Ever so often I can hear someone call my name. It isn't a whisper either and it never gives me any instructions so I am not schizophrenic. It just seems like someone is trying to get my attention.
   I still frequently see small balls of light out of the corner my eye at all times
   Being out in public feels suffocating and overwhelming even if no one is physically there.
   I used to manage a store and there would be days where I would wake up early on my day off and open the store because I knew that the opener would be late and they were.
   I have extremely vivid and at times lucid dreams where I see in full color and can even smell.
   I get Deja Vu all the freaking time! Honestly there are probably more examples but I guess I just wanted validation that I'm not crazy. So after a Homer like introduction lol. I'm in the process of accepting that side of myself, but I don't really know where to start. I know that there are tons of free resources available but how I differentiate valid one's from others that are less valid. Do I need to talk to someone in person? I live in the Bible belt so not many people are open to this kind of thing here.
   I would appreciate any and all respectful responses. Oh and I don't do drugs of any kind nor do I even drink frequently.
 Thank you in advance for any time you contribute on my behalf."
Ok so I’ve been diagnosed with “major depressive disorder with psychotic features” a lot of times I’m scared that I’m faking my disorder..I really can’t tell if the voices I hear are me trying to convince myself of my disorder or actually my own psychosis. Are the voices you hear very faint and sort of sound in between your brain and the outside world? Sorry if this makes no sense I just need an answer from someone with actual psychosis.
"Okay, so I need some help. Me, Ben (22) has liked this girl who Ill call Angelina (19) for about a year. We met and work and a friendship soon developed. This meant a lot for both of us because neither of us have any friends whatsoever. Over time it has grown into something a lot more. We are around each other a lot because we (still) work at the same place and go to the same college. We eventually started to hang out alone, and one night we told each other we had feelings for the other one at about 2:30 in the morning.
 The problem is she has a boyfriend who I'll call Jacob (22). The other thing is he lives with her and was not too happy that night because she went home and told him the truth. So after about a few days we saw each other at work and talked about it. She did not know what to do and was crying and asking me for help. If they were to break up, Jacob is the kind of person to just leave and sleep in his car. He does not have any friends or family in this state he can stay with and the only reason he is still here is because of her. I told her (stupid maybe?) to stay with him for a little while until he can find some place to live. That hits me hard because I was homeless a little over a year ago so I know what that is like. So he has until the end of July to find a place.
 Angelina's is just so fucking confused about the whole situation. She wants to be with me but I scare her. I scare her because I have never been in a relationship before. She is scared, I believe of the whole first relationship thing and how they never last and she does not know if I know how to treat somebody right and she also wants a long-term commitment. She is scared of being alone her whole life. Like I said, she literally does not have any friends and wants to be with someone. Jacob has said if they make it through this situation he will propose to her. Jacob does not treat her the greatest although she said she is happy being with him but just not all the time. Angelina does not want just meh the rest of her life but she also does not want to be alone either. Her main problem is she does not want to leave a possible marriage for some guy who doesn't know what he is doing or what he wants. She has asked me what I want in a relationship and I was honest with her and told her I don't know. To top it off, if we were found out at work we would both get fired because I am technically her boss. I think she is waiting for him to move out so she can make a decision on who she wants.
 She feels like she is cheating on him with me. We have done nothing besides hug but emotionally she is more attached to me. He does not want her to see me ever although that does not stop us. So we sneak around just to spend a few hours together. It feels wrong to me but I just cant stop.
 This is where it gets really dumb. I thought about getting a practice girlfriend if you will and she kinda hinted/suggested it. Just so I know what to expect. I realize how stupid that sounds and how much of a douche I would be. I would be hurting someone else for selfish reasons. She said she would wait for me if i did that. It would not be a long term thing and the more I think about it, the more I think about doing it. If I could find someone who is also looking for something not that serious, I probably would. It also doesn't make sense because if we really do want to be with each other we should and not care about the past. She should accept me for who I am.
 The reason I would do that is because I have a lot of issues of my own. I really want to be with Angelina for the long term. I feel like I should at least look around before I decide anything though because I have never had a girlfriend before. I haven't really ever put myself out there and regret not doing it. I have pretty much socially isolated myself. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and have been on meds for it as well as seeing a therapist. My biggest fear in life is also being alone. My mom abandoned me, my dad was practically absent until I was about 15 and only was there a few years. My sister kicked me out of her house and knew I had no place to go. I have no friends. There is no way I can lose her. If I lost her, I would be devastated and don't know if I would ever recover. I know I need to work on me and have been trying to, but she is a big part of me.
 So Yeah. Its just pretty much Angelina wants to be with me but is scared. She wants to be with Jacob but is also scared. Even if/when she breaks up with Jacob, I don’t know if I would be ready because I don’t want to lose or disappoint her. I'm thinking about this way too much. I cant sleep at all. I don't want to eat. I just need the next stage to happen, whatever it is, so I can get on with my life. I feel pretty pathetic now  so I’m going to stop typing. I just wanted to get all my thoughts down somewhere. If you guys have thoughts for either of us (I'll probably share this with her) please let me/us know. Thanks for reading."
Older people who have depression, how has your depression through the years and how did you handle it?  Close  1  Posted by  9 days ago  Older people who have depression, how has your depression through the years and how did you handle it?  I've been battling depression since I was 11 years old (now 21) and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and general anxiety and have since begun taking medication. When I first became depressed and well into high school I was constantly crying, suicidal, depressed, and I was self-harming. I'm now in college, living on my own, still on medication, and finding my depression much more bearable, until  recently . I began to notice that in the last few months that my depression is coming back hard but I don't want to talk about it with anyone,  I just am angry I'm sad and that I hate myself; It's like my depression has shifted into a new entity, it's older and more mature, almost like it's grown with me, how do I adapt with my life-changing + dealing with depression?
Once I start laughing at something or someone, I cannot stop for a good ten minutes. Anyone else have this problem?  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Once I start laughing at something or someone, I cannot stop for a good ten minutes. Anyone else have this problem?  Okay, just to put some context. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, ADHD and BPD. I am currently not on proper treatment because NHS mental health services have a crazy waiting time. But that's another topic. My problem is, I will start laughing at random occasions. Usually it is something I find funny and I will have very long, loud laughing fit. I literally cannot stop myself, I just have to roll with it. If I'm standing I will fall to the floor and not be able to get back up until I've stopped. I can't move properly or talk properly until I have stopped. But sometimes it isn't a funny situation. Sometimes it's really bad. I've had laughing fits at a funeral, when someone has told me devastating news, or just general situations where there shouldn't even be a chuckle. Let alone loud unstoppable laughter. Don't get me wrong, this is the least of my problems. But I just wanted to know if anyone else had this? Or if they have a name for it? Because my doctor just looks at me blankly then moves on. Thank you!
"One reason not to kill myself.  Close  3  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  One reason not to kill myself.  I was full of projects and energies. Full of willpower. Full of trust and hope. Then I dropped out high-school because I started feeling like shit. Starting to behave degenerate. Starting to behave like shit to others. Struggled in six years with sex addiction, non stop masturbation and porn since I was, 12.
 And have been diagnosed with major depression, ocd, adhd, generalized and social anxiety, narcissistic borderline personality disorder... I've been in bed with hypersomnia for two years.. I have no friends. Treated for two years with medication. Ended up in psych ward three times. Attempted suicide multiple times. Fucked up the only relationship I had with the only girl that I wanted in my life, after a year of tears and struggles.
 I don't enjoy anything anymore.. Games, movies, music, hobbies, learning anything, coding, projects, having a job, gym. I have no friends and stay home every day. Struggle to even eat a meal. Think about ending it every day and picking up the courage to buy fentanyl and die. 21 years old, full of projects, purposes, self taught education and culture ending up still living in his parents basement, a complete failure, unable to do anything.
 I'm tired of masturbating. Tired of being weak and skinny. Tired of being tired. Tired of thinking about suicide. Tired of seeing other people living. Tired of searching for help and being disappointed (changed 10 doctors and nobody helped me). Tired of hoping. Tired of suffering. Tired of restarting, trying hard, fighting and eventuality failing again and again and again. I was so ready and full of purpose I could dream to get married at 18, like I wanted. Then I faced reality and understood that it was just a fantasy. That I didn't have the mental health to get what I wanted. I became a scum. I don't want to go on like this.
 I made a promise to myself, I keep postponing it since I was 15. But if I fail this year again and can't change my life in better. It's over. This is the last time.
 Give me one reason why I should bother keep going into this hell. My fear is that nothing I do will change my fate and thus that I could've died sooner instead of suffering.
 One reason."
"OSR as therapy? (Spoilers for Tomb of the Serpent King)  spoiler  Close  24  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  OSR as therapy? (Spoilers for Tomb of the Serpent King)  spoiler  I think playing OSR style D&D retroclones is not only fun, but honestly possibly therapeutic.
 I have issues with perfectionism, self-esteem, and I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and panic disorder. I'm not ashamed of that, but my specific diagnoses isn't the main point here.
 I messed up the dungeon crawl tonight, like, pretty critically.
 Specifically, I didn't do even a cursory review before starting up the second session and missed that the snakeman lich would get enraged at specific things. Instead, I played him as detached, and affably evil, like 'if you want to raid the tombs here and the monsters there can't protect their own grave goods, that's not my problem. Just don't mess with my stuff.'
 But everyone still had fun and nobody was mad at all (and wouldn't have known if I hadn't fessed up to it), and like..that is kind of important and validating?
 I dunno, I thought it was worth sharing. I didn't have as many rules to worry about, I just, sorta made stuff up and people had fun."
"Overwhelmed, chronically-ill, not equipt to navigate the system..Help!  Close  17  Posted by  3 months ago  Overwhelmed, chronically-ill, not equipt to navigate the system..Help!  Hi everyone, I'll try to make this as detailed yet brief as possible. I'm 25, and living in Ontario. I've been diagnosed with Major Depression, Generalized Anxiety, Borderline Personality Disorder, ADHD, and Panic Disorder. I've been working full-time since July 18th/19 at a small company. Recently, a mental breakdown occured due to many things in life accumulating such as: having to testify in court as a witness, the co-worker I was close with and comfortable working with (we spend 8 hours in a vehicle together so its very much dependent on that fact) left and was replaced with someone who has frankly been sucking the life force out of me. Obviously with my mental diagnoses life in general is just harder to deal with, the stress piles up and I feel like a trapped animal. Yesterday I went to my family doctor to try to get some insights on what he thinks I should do. I explained where I'm at and his solution was to give me 2 weeks off work with a note. This is great, and I'm going to do my best to use this time to de-stress, look into the free counselling that is mostly held on days and times that I would normally be working and also do alot of writing and work in a selfhelp book I have. However I do not financially feel comfortable with the idea of losing out on 2 weeks pay.
 I have familial support but they are very much financially limited in regards to helping me make up for the lost wages. I've been told to look into Ontario Works, E.I for sickness, apply for Partial Disability, I've been told about C.P.P and I've been told that the Benefits I have through work could possibly cover it however i've been waitng for my benefits package/card to arrive for months now basically and my manager doesnt seem to know whats going on or necessarily care. So basically I feel like i'm being given a hundred abbreviations and services and possibilities but dont know which apply to my situation, and don't understand how to read the information on the websites. I get overwhelmed and confused and unsure if a doctora note is credible in these cases or if I should have applied for these things way sooner etc etc I just literally do not know what I am doing at all. Can you collect EI even if you're only off work for 2 weeks? Does OW even provide assistance if you're employed?
 If anyone has any insights or was in or is in a similar situation, please tell me anything. Im so desperate to know what I should do.
 TLDR; Mentally-ill, and ill-equipt to navigate services in ontario. Was prescribed 2 weeks off work and worried how I can recover these lost wages. OW? CPP? E.I??
 [EDIT: I've already used my 2 paid sick days this year, as well as majority of my holiday pay on days off for appts, bad days etc]"
"PAID RESEARCH PARTICIPATION  Close  0  Posted by  2 months ago  PAID RESEARCH PARTICIPATION  Hello everyone,
 We are looking for participants from the UK who have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder to take part in our paid research project - participants will be rewarded with Amazon vouchers  :)
 Please contact  prosociality@hope.ac.uk  (reference ""Study A2 "") in order to participate.
 Best regards,
 Prosociality Research Team"
"Panic Disorder and Other Neat Brain Games  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Panic Disorder and Other Neat Brain Games  generic statement re: this being my first post on Reddit 
 I've been going through so much lately. And by lately,  I mean since I was 13-- I am 27 now. I have been diagnosed with major depression and major panic disorder. I have been diagnosed with this since I was, well, 13. I've been seeing a therapist weekly to monthly since then, and a psychiatrist every 3 months for medication refill. I currently take Prozac, haloperidol, and 2 mg alprazolam daily.
 I was recently affected greatly by hurricane Harvey, my husband and I lost quite a bit. I therefore currently cannot pay for my medication, therapy, and psychiatrist appointments; in turn I pay with my [lack of] mental health. I am physically frightened at night, and can hardly keep it together.  Ir is all i can do to keep my normalicy mask on at work. I cry every day and feel incredibly hopeless. Have been working on my novel but I can't even do that. Every time the pen hits the paper I start to physically shake and become overwhelmed with thoughts of inferiority as a human and a sense of worthlessness.
 I find it difficult to speak to my husband about it... to make a reference to the typical cliché of men (pc police don't kill me), he wants to ""fix"" my problem... and he can't seem to understand that there is a chemical imbalance in my head and it can't be simply ""smoothed over."" I can't simply ""calm down.""
 I miss myself and feel all of the progress I have made mentally has gone down the proverbial toilet. And to y'all,  thank you for humoring me and reading this.
 I just came to ask, are there any kind of techniques you find helpful -- when you look at the world and it just seems like a black and white television set with rabbit ears that you just can't seem to get the picture right? I've tried teas, books, virtually no caffeine (It makes my panic 10x worse) and journaling. Really hope to recover from this [trying to remain positive], but I'm sure being on this thread you have been here too. Thank you in advance, I'm just so desperate... which leads to more feelings of inadequacy. You know how it is. -- DCV"
"Partner (31M) Thinks my (27F) Mental Illness is 'bullshit'  Close  1  Posted by  12 months ago  Archived  Partner (31M) Thinks my (27F) Mental Illness is 'bullshit'  So a bit of a background, I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder since I was 19, and have been receiving treatment on and off since then. Last year or so I haven't been able to afford treatment as I'm in school and all my money is going towards that and bills.
 I've been doing good the last year or so, but in January my dad almost died. It was a freak medical thing and I got a phone call one evening from my mom telling me that he wouldn't make it through the night, and I had to come home ASAP. He was in a coma for almost 2 months, and since it happened I haven't really been okay. I've been trying to manage, but like I said I can't afford therapy or anything at the moment, I'm living off savings to go to school.
 As for my partner, We've been dating for a year and a half and in January he made a comment over the phone about how he thinks it isn't real and is a ""Bullshit illness"". Direct quote. At the time I didn't address it because I was on the other side of the country with my Family, and I had other things on my mind. But this is kind of a sticking point for me. Both my parents and a few other loved ones suffer from depression as well, and it hurts that he dismisses it like that. I've always been supportive of him with his problems, even if I don't fully understand I try to make an effort to do so, keeping him on track with his NA meetings (Narcotics Anonymous) and being there whenever and however I can to support him.
 Last week with everything settled down from the family medical emergency I had a talk with him about it. I told him that I suffer from depression and his statement about it makes me feel uncomfortable being open about that part of me. I've tried in the past, but he just rolls his eyes and goes ""Okay"" In a dismissive tone and walks away. In the conversation I asked him to look into it on his own, that I would even send him some websites, links to studies about depression, because his constant dismissal of it is very hurtful. He agreed and said he would do some research on it. I figured asking him to do some of his own research would be more productive then me sitting there and lecturing him on it.
 A few nights ago he brought it up again, saying there was no new material on it, and he still didn't believe it. I tried to probe him a little further, asking what he didn't believe, asking what he read, and he kept dismissing my questions with varying forms of ""I can't say anything about it without sounding like a dick.""
 At this point I don't really know what I can do anymore. I can't talk to the person I'm supposed to be able to rely on and count on because he just dismisses it, and I feel like he didn't put a lot of effort into researching this topic, and he refuses to actually participate in a discussion about it, and just dismissed my attempts to even try to talk to him about it. And considering our busy schedules (Both go to school and he works part time) that a few days isn't really enough time to do any meaningful reading on something so.. important.
 I do have other people I can talk to, and other people I can turn to for help with my depression if I need to, but having my partner so easily dismiss my mental health like this makes me question a lot of our relationship. Am I just being unreasonable for pushing this issue?"
"People who commit suicide by jumping in front of trains deserve very little sympathy  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  People who commit suicide by jumping in front of trains deserve very little sympathy  Quick recent contextual background for my unpopular opinion:
  https://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/newslocal/inner-west/a-fatality-at-burwood-station-causes-delays-across-the-train-network/news-story/accb3e37f483f7297c190a2f6338b926 
 I am not picking on this incident/person in particular, however it the most recent to occur, and is just one of the countless examples out there I base my opinion on. I will however discuss my opinion in reference to events like this, and do not take into account other possible methods of suicide.
 Suicide is a sensitive issue. My opinion may be considered quite inconsiderate as I have had not someone in my life commit suicide (successfully).
 In Sydney, Australia, as I imagine most places of the world, it is quite common for people to commit suicide by jumping in front of a train. The popularity of this method is probably due to 3 factors: the lack of safeguards in practice to stop people jumping onto the tracks, the generally high and quick success rate and the fact that it can often be done impulsively with very little thought.
 As sad and sensitive as suicide is, I have very little sympathy for anyone who decides to throw themselves in front of a train, and I do not understand the societal pressure to be sympathetic for them just because they are a suicide victim.
 I do not even consider disruptions to travel a factor in my opinion. As someone who relies on public transport to get everywhere, I am used to being late or having trains cancelled. I will immediately argue with anyone who bases their argument on inconvenience: take a book with you if you are on public transport and don’t want your time wasted.
 I will even exclude the $1000s in expenses to try and keep the crippled infrastructure running, not to mention extra staff to keep replacement services, clean-up, paramedics, police etc. Inexcusable is the effect that it has on immediate people public setting. Train drivers who will go through long periods of intensive counselling for PTSD having hit someone and getting first hand images of the persons body, people witnessing the incident and damage, especially children.
 Suicide itself is not an exclusive reason to have sympathy for someone. The manner in which they do it is more than enough reason to think different of a person. They may have ended their own life due to intense suffering; but they have potentially crippled other people in the process who had no part in their life whatsoever.
 Disclaimer, or the ironic bit of the post: As someone 2 months shy of their 30th birthday, I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder since the age of 15 and have spent the last half of my life on almost 10 different anti-depressants and different anti-psychotics, with at least monthly appointments with a psychiatrist. I have had 2 failed suicide attempts through overdosing and been voluntarily admitted myself to psychiatric hospitals on 3 occasions in the last 6 years for suicide. I have also had a best friend of 12 years attempt suicide within the last 6 months.
 No matter the complexities and controversial nature of my unpopular opinion, I have always looked into the research as much as possible to try and fit my opinion to the normal “expected societal reaction to suicide as a tragic event”. Perhaps if I was personally affected by a victim of suicide my opinion might be different. I have been struggling to reconcile the two points of view this last few days, so I thought I would put it to the public to see what they would like to add. I am welcome to constructive feedback, not abuse. Who knows, maybe you agree. Even better, maybe you could help me think in a more traditional way?"
"People who have been diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder and/or Dysthymia  INFORMATION  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  People who have been diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder and/or Dysthymia  INFORMATION  Just got diagnosed with MDD & Dysthymia
 What are your current treatment plans and if you are on meds could you share your experience please. Thanks"
"Philosophy of Depression  Close  3  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Philosophy of Depression  I really have no idea. It's 3:27 in the morning and all of a sudden I just feel like thinking as usual. Really thinking is all I do nowadays to keep actions to thoughts, and just a chain of them.
 I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder for a few years now and I just have been struggling with the whole deal of ""how does this define me as a person?"" and ""does this feel chronic to me?"".
 It's a weird feeling. Everything seems normal and everything with the medication but then I think ""the medication"" and if I'm having a bad day ""when are these going to kick in?"" and ""I'm only upset because I'm hungry"".
 Sorry if I'm just rambling but I just think that, well why do people keep other people alive if they know they're going to be suffering for the rest of their lives? Sure, I guess my depression is well-managed but it's a trip and I guess it's more of just what is the equivalent of an existential crisis."
Planning on attempting suicide  Close  2  Posted by    2 years ago  Archived  Planning on attempting suicide  I'm so sick of living my life. I've done nothing but fuck up for the past 3 years of my life. I have anxiety so bad that it's ruining my life. I am only 14 years old but I don't go to school because I fear that I will be embarrased by others. I haven't gone to school for about 3 years and now its really catching up with me. I have tried going back to school but its too much for me to handle. I start to sweat and my heart starts beating insanely fast. My face gets all red and it gets really embarrasing because its very noticable. I have been to a hospital for suicidal thoughts before and the place was horrible. I have been locked up in juvenile detention twice for this. It was very traumatic for me. All I wanted was help but instead they locked me up. I have been diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, I am pretty sure I get panic attacks as well as Seperation Anxiety and Insomnia that completely ruins me. I cannot sleep at night and I don't have anything that will put me to sleep. I am tired of living this life. My Nurse Practitioner wont give me any medicine that actually works. I've tried Lexapro, Celexa, Zoloft, Lamictal, Gabapentin, Buspar and Wellbutrin. For insomnia I used to take Trazodone and at one point I was put on Remeron as well. None of those really helped. Since I'm only 14 I would assume she is never going to give me something like a benzodiazepine. Eventually I'm going to run out of medicines to try and I'm going to run out of time. I have until march 19th I believe before I go to court and I'm most likely getting sent to foster care. Away from my mom. That is going to make me want to either hurt someone or hurt myself because they are taking me away from the one and only person I actually love in my life. I love nobody else but my mom. She is the most important person in my life and to be taken away from her is cruel. I might as well just fucking end it now instead of taking my chances and walking up in that court room. I was going to call the suicide hotline to see what they could do for me but I talked myself out of it when someone picked up the phone I just hung up because my heart was beating like crazy and I was too scared to speak. For therapy I have it once a week which isn't enough at all. I'm just so sick of it all. It's not going to get better. There's no way it will get better. It's impossible unless I am prescribed something that lessens my anxiety enough to get me to go to school. Until then I am counting away the days locked up in my room wanting to end it all.
"Please help me , its a long read that still doesn't explain it all but please...  REQUESTING SUPPORT  Close  4  Posted by  1 month ago  Please help me , its a long read that still doesn't explain it all but please...  REQUESTING SUPPORT  My name is Samuel, I'm 19 years old and already for 3 years I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder right after I had psychosis which lasted 3 days. Since then I haven't been able to be a functional member of humanity and I've been living a very shit life. I can't overcome the smallest of steps and every rock seems like a fucking mountain. Not that I haven't done anything right, I teach kids english. It's literally the only fucking thing I can do, just help those who can't help themselves, yet I'm left in a downward spiral which drags me down to the bottom of my bedroom floor, which is where I am right now. As a product of all of this I started writing a pretty fucking long poetry book about how much I want all this to fucking end and how much I want to love life. I hate every single god damned fucking word I wrote into those 106 pages. It took me one year to put it all together and now I just want to fucking swallow every piece of paper I use to write on before I put it into my PC. Not only am I a complete fucking failure, but I know fuck all about why I am this way. It just entered my life and never left. I've been to the hospital three times, once because I overdosed myself, second time voluntarily, third time because I sliced my face up with a knife in front of a mirror. No scars left, luckily, maybe I should've gone a bit deeper. I'm trying, you know? I've been a regular at my gym, I'm a really good looking guy, I'm told that very often, and I do appriciate it, I really do, but that's still not a reason to stay.
 My biggest step lately was that I got myself an emotional support cat. I don't want to get your hopes up so I'll just cut to the point - I feel even fucking worse. The cat needs more fucking care than I ever did. I barely shower or brush my teeth or wash my hands. I don't give a single fuck about the whole ''COVID'' disease and listen to music all the fucking time. I daydream myself away far too often and I can't exist without something on my mind all the time. I can't stop thinking. I even took this stupid fucking personality test ''Myers Briggs'' thing. Not that it is stupid, it is surprisingly accurate, but for me, in a way that only dampens my will to exist. Everytime I got the same result from multiple test I was put down crying on the couch with my phone in my hands. I got the INFJ type, which supposedly is the rarest, and for me, most stupidly fucking retarted one. I don't want to be fucking rare in this shit mate, I want to be characterless like those people who simply cannot understand me are. They don't have to deal with this constant contretempt of sadness and total absolute fucking hopelessness. Tragedy has truly found a great companion, let me tell you that... What do I do, friend? Do I just drift away into the nothingness or continue trying and trying and trying? I don't know man... I'm just fucking exhausted. So. Fucking. Exhausted. I couldn't handle another hospitalization. It's just so horrible. I'm afraid I won't ever graduate, I'm not exactly a smart person, because I really don't see the point of me knowing things I don't want in my life. I do photography very actively, I go to the gym very often, I teach english on occassion and go to therapy almost every third day, yet, I'm just feeling desperate. No amount of medication amounts to being understood. And in this world of filth I feel like the biggest sack of shit that ever crawled across the already fucked up floor. I'm so low, that death actually seems like a viable option.
 There are thousands of people who ''feel the same way'', but how the fuck is that supposed to help me? just knowing that someone suffers as much as I do is supposed to calm me? There isn't a single drop of ''help'' in words that tell me that ''You're not alone''. And no, I don't have ADHD."
"Please someone help me, I can't do so myself  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  Please someone help me, I can't do so myself  My name is Samuel, I'm 19 years old and already for 3 years I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder right after I had psychosis which lasted 3 days. Since then I haven't been able to be a functional member of humanity and I've been living a very shit life. I can't overcome the smallest of steps and every rock seems like a fucking mountain. Not that I haven't done anything right, I teach kids english. It's literally the only fucking thing I can do, just help those who can't help themselves, yet I'm left in a downward spiral which drags me down to the bottom of my bedroom floor, which is where I am right now. As a product of all of this I started writing a pretty fucking long poetry book about how much I want all this to fucking end and how much I want to love life. I hate every single god damned fucking word I wrote into those 106 pages. It took me one year to put it all together and now I just want to fucking swallow every piece of paper I use to write on before I put it into my PC. Not only am I a complete fucking failure, but I know fuck all about why I am this way. It just entered my life and never left. I've been to the hospital three times, once because I overdosed myself, second time voluntarily, third time because I sliced my face up with a knife in front of a mirror. No scars left, luckily, maybe I should've gone a bit deeper. I'm trying, you know? I've been a regular at my gym, I'm a really good looking guy, I'm told that very often, and I do appriciate it, I really do, but that's still not a reason to stay.
 My biggest step lately was that I got myself an emotional support cat. I don't want to get your hopes up so I'll just cut to the point - I feel even fucking worse. The cat needs more fucking care than I ever did. I barely shower or brush my teeth or wash my hands. I don't give a single fuck about the whole ''COVID'' disease and listen to music all the fucking time. I daydream myself away far too often and I can't exist without something on my mind all the time. I can't stop thinking. I even took this stupid fucking personality test ''Myers Briggs'' thing. Not that it is stupid, it is surprisingly accurate, but for me, in a way that only dampens my will to exist. Everytime I got the same result from multiple test I was put down crying on the couch with my phone in my hands. I got the INFJ type, which supposedly is the rarest, and for me, most stupidly fucking retarted one. I don't want to be fucking rare in this shit mate, I want to be characterless like those people who simply cannot understand me are. They don't have to deal with this constant contretempt of sadness and total absolute fucking hopelessness. Tragedy has truly found a great companion, let me tell you that... What do I do, friend? Do I just drift away into the nothingness or continue trying and trying and trying? I don't know man... I'm just fucking exhausted. So. Fucking. Exhausted. I couldn't handle another hospitalization. It's just so horrible. I'm afraid I won't ever graduate, I'm not exactly a smart person, because I really don't see the point of me knowing things I don't want in my life. I do photography very actively, I go to the gym very often, I teach english on occassion and go to therapy almost every third day, yet, I'm just feeling desperate. No amount of medication amounts to being understood. And in this world of filth I feel like the biggest sack of shit that ever crawled across the already fucked up floor. I'm so low, that death actually seems like a viable option.
 There are thousands of people who ''feel the same way'', but how the fuck is that supposed to help me? just knowing that someone suffers as much as I do is supposed to calm me? There isn't a single drop of ''help'' in words that tell me that ''You're not alone''.  And no, I don't have ADHD."
"Possible manic episode? What do I do?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Possible manic episode? What do I do?  I want to try to keep this brief and readable but please ask questions if you need more info.
 I am in the USA. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and anxiety. I just saw the doc that manages my medications (wellbutrin, lexapro, rexulti) and we made no changes. She is leaving the practice and I see a different doc 3 months from now. I failed to mention any of this to her because I thought it would pass.
 It's been a month or so since it started snowballing and about two weeks since I started getting concerned and it's getting worse.
 I can't sleep. I wake up after a few hours which is very unlike me. I usually sleep all the time.
 I can't eat. I took advantage of my appetite randomly disappearing and lost 15lbs. Also very unlike me. I am attempting to eat normally but it hasn't changed anything.
 I have intense mood swings and frequent anxiety attacks. I thought this was because I wasn't eating.
 I'm engaging in risky behaviors. I'm sleeping with very many random men and I feel insatiable and it's getting worse.
 I keep skipping school. I've even skipped out on my new job once too.
 I feel restless. I can't focus. I can't sit and watch a t.v. show. I can't concentrate at school when I do go. I keep starting dozens of chats with strangers to keep me occupied.
 What is happening to me? Is this mania? Hypomania? Somethibg else? I've had ""episodes"" in the past that have fit other criteria for mania (inflated self esteem, goal oriented behavior,  etc) but it would last between hours and days. Never ever this long or this bad. What do I do? My doctor isn't a therapist she only handles my medications. I feel like I'm losing control."
"Prescribed Adderall, but no official diagnosis?  Questions/Advice/Support  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  Prescribed Adderall, but no official diagnosis?  Questions/Advice/Support  I've been on Adderall for about 3 months now and it has been practically a miracle drug in my case. I've been on antidepressants and anti-anxiety medication for years with barely any benefit, though I am diagnosed with major depression and generalized anxiety. My old psyche would always brush over my attention problems, my emotional problems, my insane inability to do things I need or want to do, even eating or sleeping sometimes, but she moved and then my new psyche took me seriously. She was quick to switch me to antidepressants that didn't give me horrible side effects and as soon as my mood went up a bit from it, she checked in and  actually listened to me  when I told her about the things that have been ruining my life for years. She prescribed me Adderall and I finally feel like a normal person. (Not the past week though because the birth control shot I had has ruined all my progress and meds no longer work or are very ineffective but I plan on addressing this with her.)
 The thing is, I'm still not diagnosed with anything even remotely related to ADHD. She gave me no tests, going off my symptoms and how terribly they've been affecting me forever even with medication that  has  helped with the anxiety and some of the depression. But, I've also joined this subreddit since then and I've found that I relate to nearly everything from time blindness to hyperfixations to RSD and so on, so I'm assuming that I more than likely have it, but I can't be sure without that diagnosis, which is also making me question whether or not I'm just faking it to be lazy or something.
 It doesn't really seem normal to give stimulants without an official ADHD diagnosis or any testing whatsoever. Is this a problem? And I'm also worried that without an official diagnosis, if I need to switch to a new psyche, which may happen soon, that they won't let me keep my prescription even though it has been my only saving grace. How likely is that to happen? I also just really want to know definitively whether I have ADHD or if I'm actually just an awful person."
Prozac isn't working for me anymore...  Question:  Close  5  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Prozac isn't working for me anymore...  Question:  Hi all! So I have been taking Prozac for about 3-4 years now and recently I've noticed that I've been having more depressive episodes and my anxiety has been through the roof to the point where I can barely go outside my house (and I do not have agoraphobia). I have been diagnosed with major depression, generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), and ADHD, along with a plethora of other mental-health related issues. I'm considering seeing a psychiatrist about this matter. Does anyone have any medication recommendations/good questions I should ask my doctor?
"Question about gender discomfort  Close  19  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Question about gender discomfort  This is a really weird thing that I hate talking to people about but I don't know what this is and it's annoying the shit out of me.
 When I was younger (around 10 or so) I wanted to be a boy. I'm not sure why, I know I got mad because my mom wouldn't let me wear boy clothes and stuff but I just didn't like being a girl and I kept saying ""I want to be a boy I want what they have!"" Until my school nurse asked me what exactly I'd do with that. And I was like..uggggghhh. Idk if I'd actually like that. (That being male private parts) So I was relatively fine for awhile. I think it was because I was in a highly gendered school (like girls were really feminine, boys kinda masculine) it was a catholic school and I was a tomboy so it was really weird. I mean after middle school I found out I wasn't straight so there's that. I'm not sure if my gender confusion as a kid explains what's been happening now though.
 I don't feel discomfort being female everyday. There are aspects I enjoy of my femininity sometimes. But sometimes my brain like panics and it's like ""WHY AM I A GIRL. THIS IS WRONG. I DON'T WANT BREASTS."" And lots of other things. Why is this?? Is this normal even for cis people? I have been diagnosed with major depression, another depressive disorder and anxiety. Can those cause that? Should I talk to someone about it or just ignore it? Like Idk if I'm over empathizing with my trans friend but she's mtf soo??
 I have some other thoughts but I'll only share that if asked because I already feel like I've triggered people too much."
"Question about medication  Close  1  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  Question about medication  I'm not sure if this is the best place to post this. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Order and have been taking Mirtazapine 45mg for 1-2 years. I asked my psychiatrist to lower the dose to 30mg, which is what I've been taking for the past 2-3 months because my mood and general mental health has much improved. My plan is to gradually come off the meds through lower doses.
  Here is my question: Would it be harmful if I stopped taking the medication cold turkey? 
 My issue is that I also have obstructive sleep apnea and for the past few months, I've been experiencing dry mouth and sleep disturbances, which I've discovered are possible side effects from the Mirtazapine. I wake up feeling like shit and I have memory/concentration impairment.  It also may be possible that the 45mg --> 30mg may be causing the side effects?
 I haven't been sleeping well with all these symptoms and side effects and I'd like to see if I could rule out this medication as a cause of my poor quality of sleep.
 I know I should consult my psychiatrist about this, but I think I'd get a quicker response from you guys. I also understand that it's best to gradually come off the meds like I've mentioned earlier, even if I am feeling better. So what do you think?"
"Question about medication--I'm weighing the option of going on anti-depressants.  Close  2  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  Question about medication--I'm weighing the option of going on anti-depressants.  Reader's Digest history on my depression:
 I've felt depressed since puberty. Prior to that time, I was a happy go-lucky kid, always loud, goofy, and playful. I tried to kill myself at 13, but it was a half-assed effort and here I am at 25, mostly glad that I didn't succeed. I have been in counseling for about eight months, one session/week. I love my counselor and think that she has really helped me turn a corner into a new life.
 My symptoms:
 That said, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, with anxiety linked to my depression. It's all very cyclical, but I have a ton of triggers that can take a good day (like today) and make it the worst day of my life. I have what I call ""breakdowns"" where I can't stop crying and have thoughts of suicide about once every week or two. I never seriously consider suicide because I know that it would destroy many people who I love, but I often think it'd be the easiest route for me--I just want it all to stop. I have minor depressive episodes a few times/week in which I have extremely irrational, downward spiral-type thinking and get seriously down on myself about just about anything. I have full-blown panic attacks once every month to once every few months, depending mostly on my stress level.
 My treatment:
 So far, CBT has helped me, but I'm finding that counseling, while helpful in the long-term, is really, really difficult and painful in the short-term. I'm much more sensitive than I used to be, I have triggers of which I am not aware (my counselor thinks it may just be clinical depression and I don't have unknown triggers), and I find my symptoms unmanageable, at times. In addition to CBT, my counselor and I are working on addressing events in the past which have contributed to my condition. I grew up with two mental-health professionals as parents, and they sure did a number on me. There's a bunch of other stuff, too.
 My concerns about medication:
 I'm already on birth control to regulate my hormones (I have PMDD too), so what if I want to get pregnant? Getting off BC and anti-depressants sounds like a recipe for disaster.
 Will further counseling and practice of CBT get me to a place where medication is not necessary? Can I get there without medication in the interim?
 Will I still be able to feel the ""highs"" when I have them? Sometimes I find myself extremely happy (I just fell in love with the man of my dreams, he's in love with me too, and I think I might spend my life with him), and I don't want to lose that side of things.
 What exactly does the medication do? How does it work in my brain so that I don't get depressed? I don't mean physiologically--I've researched that stuff--but what does it feel like or prevent from a personal perspective?
 If you've made it this far, thank you. I've struggled with this decision a lot lately, and I need some advice from people who understand.
 TL;DR: Should I get myself medicated?"
"Question about your meds?  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  Question about your meds?  Hi everyone,
 I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder - i've been on pristiq for about 1.5 years now and i've had a lot of weight gain - like 70lbs. I just hit over 200lbs.
 I was actually quite skinny and underweight to begin with - but now i'm offically few pounds overweight.
 Have any of you guys had any experience with pristiq, and was a lot of weight gain something you had?"
"Questions about applying for disability based on mental issues. Need help!  Close  5  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Questions about applying for disability based on mental issues. Need help!  Hello.  This will be a long post, but I feel it is necessary in order to provide the clearest possible picture of my situation.  If there's anyone willing to help, I will be extremely grateful.
 I am 28 years old and live in Michigan, U.S.  I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, General Anxiety Disorder, and Panic Disorder.  I have been grappling with these conditions ever since I was a teenager.
 I managed to finish high school and made it through about 3 years of college before I had a serious panic attack on campus that resulted in a suicide attempt, surgery, and hospitalization for about 3 weeks.  My mother also passed away due to cancer about 5 years ago, which exacerbated things.
 I have been on dozens of different medications, seen multiple therapists, did group therapy, and I even tried electro-convulsive therapy.  Nothing helped alleviate my mental distress.  The ECT also damaged my short and long-term memory.
 I've worked 2 part-time jobs over the course of my life.  The first was as a grocery shelf stocker, which I quit after a few months due to stress.  Then I lasted about a year at a call center, which I also quit due to stress.  This was all prior to my suicide attempt and subsequent Electroconvulsive Therapy sessions.
 Since then I have been living with, and relying upon, my widowed, retired father, who draws a pension and gets social security.  When he dies, I will have no one to support me and I feel like I am unable to hold down any sort of job due to my mental state.
 Thus, I have been looking into applying for disability benefits, but I have zero experience in dealing with this system, nor does anyone else in my family.
 My current psychiatrist (who is just a nurse-practitioner) said that they would support me, but they don't know too much about the actual application process or anything.  They said I should hire a disability attorney, but the consultation fees seem exorbitant ($250/hour) and I heard that I could just file an application online myself.
 I just need help from   someone   or   anyone   who has gone through this process.
 I have no idea whether I would even have a chance at receiving any benefits.
 I don't  really  know how necessary a disability attorney is.  I'm extremely hesitant about hiring one due to the costs (I have no income right now).
 I have zero idea what the application process is like or what sorts of information I will need to provide (medical records I guess?).
  I feel so lost and helpless.  If anyone could provide some advice I would be grateful.  If they could direct me somewhere else where I could also receive advice, I would also be grateful. 
 Again, sorry for the long post, but this feels like a pivotal decision in my life and I need to take it seriously.  If I need to provide additional information to receive better help I will do everything in my power to provide it."
"Questions about psychiatry appointment tomorrow.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Questions about psychiatry appointment tomorrow.  Hey guys!
 I have needed help for some time and finally got myself in the door somewhere. I had my first session today and my therapist had my first psychiatrist's appointment moved up to tomorrow morning instead of March 8th. I've been told I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (which isn't surprising to me) as well as some form of anxiety and I think a couple other things but I can't remember off the top of my head (and she seemed a bit confused about some details in my thing so I think there'll be a bit more exploration done to decide my full diagnosis) and am wondering what to expect at tomorrow's appointment.
 Thank you!"
Questions to ask new therapist?  Close  3  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Questions to ask new therapist?  My psychiatrist recommended me to see a therapist. I am diagnosed with major depression, autism spectrum disorder and substance abuse. This is my third go at therapy. I was just wondering what kind of questions should I be asking during our first session? I really am hoping this time will turn out better. Any advice is much appreciated. Thanks.
"Rapidly spreading rash  Physician Responded  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   11 months ago  Archived  Rapidly spreading rash  Physician Responded  Age: 60
 Sex: F
 Height: 5'4""
 Weight: 180
 Race: Amerasian mix
 Duration of complaint: 3 days
 Location: I live in southeast Texas. It started on right forearm, now on both arms wrist to shoulder
 Any existing relevant medical issues: I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, ADD, and low thyroid. My seasonal allergies have been worse than usual, but only the normal sneezing/runny nose/itchy eyes.
 Current medications: synthroid, also taking the following supplements and otc meds; CBD oil, Cetirizine, loratadine, quercetin, sam-e
 Include a photo if relevant:  rash ,  upper arm ,  forearm 
 It's mildly itchy, like over dry skin. It's only slightly reddened. I didn't even notice it until I felt the bumpiness with my hand. It's very obvious to the touch and spreading fast.
 I haven't changed soaps or detergent. I haven't noticed any insects. I haven't done any traveling or swimming. I've made some dietary changes, but it's only been cutting out sugar, caffeine, and red meat. Nothing new has been added to my diet or environment that I can think of.
 EDIT: Remembered that I've been suffering from diarrhea beginning a day or two before the rash started. I've been assuming it's from the dietary changes. I'm eating a lot more fiber.
 EDIT 2: It's now spread to the backs of my hands and is getting itchier.
 EDIT 3: added second photo
 EDIT 4: third photo"
Realistic dreams are taking over my sleep.  Close  12  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Realistic dreams are taking over my sleep.  For weeks now I have been experience reality tearing vivid dreams that are indistinguishable from real life, and i am hit with a sense of shock back into my body laying restless on a bed as i thought what had just happened was real. My thought process is continued from when I was dreaming as if there was no difference at all. Since this has started happening i've felt completely restless and am becoming more and more irritable as it goes on. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, panic disorder, and PTSD. The dreams are not linked to my PTSD in any way that i can tell, and i am not someone to have flashbacks anyways. What could this be or what could i do about helping it? I felt like i haven't had a true nights sleep in weeks.
"Realizing just how little hope there is for my future  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Realizing just how little hope there is for my future  I'm diagnosed with major depression and BPD. This past year I've gone to the hospital three times for suicide attempts. I don't really know how to feel anymore. My mental illness has always been a part of my life and I've come to accept it but now that I'm applying to college and getting a job, I've finally come to realize just how little hope there is for me. I have always disappointed everyone around me by ruining my potential with self-destructive behaviors and now that I'm going to be an adult, it's just going to get worse. I'm a creative person and want to pursue a career doing art but my depression makes me unable to do anything and if I do make something, I usually destroy it during one of my episodes. My family always tell me that I'm never going to achieve anything and that I'm going to become hopeless and I know they're right and I want to die but I can't even fucking kill myself properly and they're just going to put me in the hospital again and blame me for not praying hard enough. I wish I was ok and could actually feel something again and do something with my life.
 I want to have hope. I want to get better. I don't think I'll ever achieve my dreams or whatever but I'd at least like to get away from my family someday and feel a semblance of happiness. It sucks but I'm trying. Has anyone else experienced this? How did you get through it? Does it get better? Thanks."
"Really Not Sure Where to Go  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Really Not Sure Where to Go  So, I know this sounds insane.  I am 21, I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (only medicated since last June), and a Panic Disorder with (as-needed) medication.  So, after being forced (ex-bf) to take birth control, losing my 1 ft. (shoulder length) hair, which was my only goal.  Now I have been on my period for an entire fucking year and a half.  I am married, and sex is wonderful, I literally have so many rashes, but 24/7/365 period is terrible.  Guess what? I can either have a kid (no way), or go on birth control (made my 38DDD breasts go to a 32JJ plus periods plus weight gain plus anxiety plus depression), I also actually lost weight through the process.   Now, I can’t ever be comfortable.  I have 6 inches of pressed breasts, I have been trying to gain weight (even though I am chubby already), just so I can relax for fucking once!  I feel terribly entitled.  I am paranoid schizophrenic, and my grandma/mom gave me an extra home they are renting out, I am housing my (I love her) MIL, and I have a dog, but I wanted to be an elementary school teacher, but now I cannot.  I just don’t have any sort of happiness, even though with a free art degree, a paid off (in two months) car, husband, lovely dog (Rosie), and a home and a financial future.  I understand that is more than the majority of people in the world, but why the fuck am I sad?!?   I just, I am 21, females in my family go almost bald by 30, and now I am 21, was growing my hair out from 14 (forcibly shaved to ¼ inch from asshole bf), then to 16 (again, forcibly cut hair to my ears), and when I was 18 I was (“” unquote) forced (/ unquote) to go on BC, (delusional MIL who forgets smokes weed and made my BF think it was only solution), and now my hair has grown ½ inch in three years.  I have not left the house in two years.  I am in hell.  I have no feasible solution, and am honestly thinking of ending it all.   I have no future, I hate myself.  I love my husband, but I don’t want to be in this body.  I think I would be less of a burden if I were dead.  Medication is not super helpful, and my parents want me to get an art degree, or whatever the fuck I want, not helpful.  Fuck my life.  I think I am only really hurting my dog.  I have a settlement check which will set my husband for life.  Fuck my life.    I constantly think I am in a dream, and my deceased father has my body.  I try to work, but I always get fired or run away from the job.  Too scared to talk openly to anyone other than my family, but I know they love me.  Am I a burden to them? Schizophrenia and Anxiety and Depression run in the family, but is it even responsible for me to have a future child, given the circumstances?  My only goal left is to (one day) be a Mother, and if I have all these problems, should I give up on that too? I know it sounds silly, but I moved out at 17, and I have been experiencing this for a long time.  0 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  no comments yet
 Be the first to share what you think!"
"Recent move to sales not working out at all  Leaving a job  Close  4  Posted by  8 days ago  Recent move to sales not working out at all  Leaving a job  I recently got hired at a sales position at a large IT Vendor (15,000 employees), in my previous experience I handled business operations for a small IT training firm (15-20 employees), while I was satisfied with my previous job, the company was facing financial difficulties, salaries were not paid timely, and I have debt, so felt it best to move.
 I was genuinely excited for my new role, to learn, to move out of my comfort zone, fast forward to 5 months later, I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder by two psychiatrists, my morale, mood, and energy levels are at an all time low, my numbers are not being met, and I feel very motivated to quit the job.
 I have no other job lined up, I have some savings which can be used to pay off my debt but not completely. I feel I have painted myself in a corner, and don’t know what to do.
 Any advice, or suggestions anyone may have are welcome.
 Thank you"
"Recommendation for an online service?  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Recommendation for an online service?  I am trying to decide on an online service for a psychiatric visit, and am struggling to make a choice. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder already, and stopped taking my medicine (Prozac) for a few years (this has happened twice, beginning when I was 19 - I am 27 now). I tend to start medicine, and then when I am feeling fine I slowly forget to take it. I don't realize I've stopped taking it and am struggling until things get really rough - I would just like to find a psychiatrist to get me back on the medicine. I found the dosage of the medicine that I need from the pharmacy I used to fill my last prescription.
 Does anyone have a recommendation for a reliable online service? The ones I have looked at so far are  callondoc.com ,  livehealthonline , and  e-psychiatry.com . I'll be paying out of pocket, so a service that is under $200 would be preferable.
 Thank you so much for any insight you can offer!"
"Recurring Sleep Paralysis (multiple times a week)  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   2 years ago  Archived  Recurring Sleep Paralysis (multiple times a week)  I'm a 34 year old female, non smoker, very physically active, relatively healthy but have suffered from Migraine with Brainstem Aura for just over 15 years and have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder. I'm 5'8 and 148 lbs. I take 100 mg of Sertraline a day and 1000 iu of Vitamin D3 as I live in the Pacific Northwest.
 I've had bouts of sleep paralysis all my life, but it is getting worse and I'm looking for ways to deal with it/prevent it.
 I specifically remember experiencing it at 5 years old and throughout my teenage years, then into adulthood. I've read that it's a harmless thing that happens to everyone, but it has impacted my ability to get to work on time as I will lie helpless listening to my alarm clock go off for what seems to be forever and I cannot turn it off. I've switched to a job with a very flexible schedule because of this.
 It's always happened to me at least several times a week, but lately it seems to be getting worse. Happening almost daily and repeatedly when it does. It used to be more terrifying when I didn't understand what was going on, but here's what I typically experience:
 I'll wake up (hear my alarm, hear my boyfriend get up) and won't be able to open my eyes (it feels like they're super glued shut), I can't move a muscle - not a toe or finger, and rolling over to turn off my alarm or check my phone is completely impossible. I'll lie like this for several minutes, but it feels like hours. Mentally, I'm completely conscious and able to think about what I need to do that day, etc. After a few minutes I can wake up and feel better but groggy for the whole day. Lately it's been happening repeatedly. The feeling of paralysis will pass for a few seconds and then return. Before I know it, an hour goes by. Then 2. It's extremely disruptive my day to day life.
 As long as I can remember, everyone who's ever lived with me had laughed about what a heavy sleeper I am. My mom used to pour pitchers of cold water on me to try to wake me up as a teenager, only to be amazed that I wouldn't budge. In truth I was totally awake but couldn't speak or move.
 This is driving me crazy as it's getting worse. Sleep paralysis is the reason I cannot have a 9-5 job and a factor in why I don't have kids.
 Is there anything I can do????"
Reddit, my depression is getting a lot worse and I feel like medication isn't the answer anymore.  Has anyone found ways to motivate themselves without depending on other people to cheer them up?  Close  5  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  Reddit, my depression is getting a lot worse and I feel like medication isn't the answer anymore.  Has anyone found ways to motivate themselves without depending on other people to cheer them up?  I'm diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and some anxiety disorders.  In my opinion, it all stems from anxiety.  I've been clean from opiates for a little over a  year now and it hasn't been easy.  I have a very small family and I relied a lot on those pills to relax me and get me through the day.  Since then, I've struggled a lot.  Though I'm on psych meds now and am in pretty intensive therapy, I feel a void in my life.  I try to do things.  I have a good relationship with my parents even though they're divorced and my father was pretty abusive.  I have a cat that I love.  I have some friends - most that are too busy for me.  I'm not horribly unattractive... but there is just something.  This running theme of loneliness that I can't shake.  I crave the affection of other people.  I go out of my way to help people, especially in a time of crisis.  Basically, I don't wanna end up in the hospital again because of a breakdown.  How can I cheer myself up?  I feel so alone. TL;DR - I have depression and feel like I'm running out of options to better myself.
"Redditors that have been diagnosed with Major Depression, what medication helped you? What was your experience?  Close  2  Posted by  1 month ago  Redditors that have been diagnosed with Major Depression, what medication helped you? What was your experience?  10 comments  share  save  hide  report  75% Upvoted  Log in or sign up to leave a comment  log in  sign up    Sort by   best  level 1   3 points   ·    1 month ago  Zoloft - Sertraline
 You need to start low and gradually increase, it took until I reached 125mg that I started seeing progress. (The start was 25mg) It does actually feel like the fog/the gray cloud has been lifted. I've also started therapy, to which I thought nothing of, but they do know the questions to ask and I have addressed issues that I have always bottled up - and finally came to peace with it. That helped immensely.
 I am still increasing in my dosages, but I am proud to say the pill taking is not for nothing, as one who didn't want meds, I am so thankful for how these have turned me around."
Redditors who have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorders, or those who feel as if they have been there even without a diagnosis, what did you do to stay alive and get through it?  Close  6  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Redditors who have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorders, or those who feel as if they have been there even without a diagnosis, what did you do to stay alive and get through it?  11 comments  share  save  hide  report  100% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   3 points   ·    3 years ago  I fight. It's all I ever do. Struggling real bad right now. I try and find one thing, just one, every day that will keep me coming back. The days I don't find it are the worst.
Registration Application with my Professional College (College of Social Workers) requires me to disclose "Physical or Mental Condition or Disorder". Do I have to disclose my depression or PTSD? Ontario, Canada.  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Registration Application with my Professional College (College of Social Workers) requires me to disclose "Physical or Mental Condition or Disorder". Do I have to disclose my depression or PTSD? Ontario, Canada.  As titles states, I'm a recent MSW and submitted my application for registration with my professional college (ontario association of social workers and social service workers) and I'm very concerned about having to disclose my disability. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, PTSD and have been living with this for most of my life. I am doing fine and have been stable for the past several years. My mental health does not affect my ability to practice, I have it under control and have supports in place to manage symptoms should they arise. I do not want my professional college to know this about me as I find it highly intrusive, so I checked-off the box on my application for registration to indicate that I did not have any "past or present physical or mental conditions or disorders that could affect their ability to practise in a safe manner", because they don't affect my ability to practice at this time. The College cites Ontario Regulation 283/00 made under the Social Work and Social Service Work Act 1998, as justification for their authority in requiring disclosure.I am mostly concerned about the following statement:"Applicants are responsible for providing answers to all questions in the application for registration accurately, completely, and truthfully.  Making a false or misleading statement, representation, or declaration in connection with your application for registration or supporting documents, whether by commission or omission, may result in a failure to satisfy the registration requirements, the rescission of any certificate that may be issued and/or revocation of any such certificate."My question is, do I need to disclose? Should I inform them of my disability? Thanks.​
"REproducible Psychological Science (REPS) Study  Mod Approved  Close  5  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  REproducible Psychological Science (REPS) Study  Mod Approved  Dear ladies and gentlemen,
 First, I'd like to introduce myself.  My name is Kat, and I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Panic Disorder with Agoraphobia, and Insomnia.  While I am requesting you participate in this study (I have personally screened it and have found no triggers and there are no known risks in taking it), I am simply glad to be part of a group that supports one another.  Our mental disorders do not define us, but they do make us stronger.
 On that note:
 I am currently studying psychology at the University of Edinburgh and am part of an international collaborative project that has been developed due to the replication crisis in the social sciences as reported by Science magazine.
 This particular replication study examines elements in how people think and how their social world is organized. It takes approximately 15 minutes to complete. The online questionnaire includes a more detailed description and can be found at
  https://edinburgh.eu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_50aSGBaSfQOplbf 
 Please consider taking 15 minutes out of your day to complete this study to improve the quality of psychological research, and please pass it on!"
"Ritalin and anxiety  Medication  Close  1  Posted by    Idiopathic Hypersomnia    1 year ago  Archived  Ritalin and anxiety  Medication  Hi all! After about 4 months I was diagnosed with ideopathic hypersomnia. I was prescribed ritalin to help keep me awake during the day. It seems to worked a little bit on the lowest dose, doesn't totally help but I'm awake slightly more. The problem I'm having is that it makes me jittery and anxious. I don't think it's a high as I was worried about that at first and I looked it up and it definitely seems like it just heightened my anxiety instead. As a background I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and anxiety. In middle school I was put on Concerta for ADHD (also coincidentally the only time I haven't felt exhausted in my life) and it actually triggered my anxiety to the point where I had panic attacks and needed Xanax on the regular. I guess my question here is, is it possible for it to heighten my anxiety? If so are there any drugs that can treat this without making me have panic attacks? I really appreciate any help I can get!
 Edit: If my anxiety increases with this one medication will it be the same way for all the other possible medications? Should I bring this up to my doctor if so? I think I'd rather deal with anxiety than falling asleep at work. Although I'd like to have my cake and eat it too in this case."
Saved last night  Support  Close  221  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Saved last night  Support  I always considered myself a Christian but didn't feel a connection with God. I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder.Last night I went to a new church and gave my all into worship and the preacher was talking about all of our hearts being healed and praying about it. We then did this thing where everyone who raised there hand went up to the front and she prayed over us and we said a prayer to save us. But last night I just felt different then I ever have and I feel as if my illnesses have been cured. I also have always felt like I have a hole in me that I need to fill like I'm empty I would try anything to fill it drugs, sex, anything but now I don't feel that need. Is this possible???
school  Close  2  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  school  hi i've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and im in 11th grade and since my depression kicks in my studies are getting worse i keep asking myself if i should stop this year because i felt im failing and school stressing me so bad so guys I'm asking if i should stop or i should keep going
"School Rant  Rant  Close  4  Posted by    17    8 months ago  Archived  School Rant  Rant  This was going to be a comment on another post about someone getting in trouble for saying Stonks in school. It got too long so I'm making it a whole post. I'll link the original post at the bottom. Warning: this might bum you out a bit so proceed with caution.
 Shouldn't schools be promoting a fun and safe environment that encourages learning and makes it fun and interesting? Having just finished high school, it's more of a dystopian nightmare. Freedoms are taken away, striking fear into the hearts of people of all ages (just witnessed my younger sister have panic attacks for days on end out of fear of going back and she is only turning 11 in November) and not only makes learning the exact opposite of fun, but Industrialises it, trying to educate as many people as possible for the lowest cost. 
 School sucks. You are too young to enjoy your freedom before school, school feasts on our souls for twelve years AT LEAST and churns out unhappy assholes who turn into miserable adults who hate being alive. Suicide rates in students has doubled in the past 10 years. Does no one see the problem with that? 
 Schools actively shun the new age of technology by not only getting bottom of the barrel equipment, but by also prohibiting the use of students personal devices. Technology can make education much easier and fun. Look at kahoot! I know it's a meme now, but it's just an example of technology making the school experience better. What harm is there in letting me put an earbud in whilst writing down the same definition 5 times in a row for 42 definitions in a room full of psychopaths?!
  Fuck the 60 year olds sitting in their dark council of the department of education who think they know what's best for us based on their own opinions and ignorance they formulated in the 1980s. I bet they are still afraid that their microwaves are going to bite back one day. 
 I know their needs to be a level of control to prevent an ""uprising"" and keep the ""bad apples"" in check, but school should create an environment that wouldn't make them want to misbehave in the first place! What harm is there in wearing a shirt that isn't hand picked by the school?
 In my school we had to wear a 3 button polo in navy blue, white or yellow, khaki shorts but only before October. Then it was pants until April. Skirts could not be 2 inches higher than the knee (they checked unsuspecting people at random). No hair dye (unless threatened by a lawsuit, in which case its fine). no piercings (not even ears). No ankle bracelets. No socks that go too high (they never really enforced that one, but still). No exceptions, punishments include (but are not limited to): death. Of course I am exaggerating when I say that, but do you get my point? How about ""Wear whatever you want, just no profanity."" Don't you want your students to be comfortable when they learn? The answer is no. The only people close enough to us to get to know us as individuals and see the effects of this stuff don't have enough power to change anything. And some poor souls pay money for this, and worse! 
 Schools are so focused on higher test scores that it becomes a nightmare for the students who take the tests! Shouldn't it be about what we learn, and not about a stupid numbers game? School relies too heavily on artificial learning. If you don't know what that is, think back to the last test you did good on. If you still have it, look at it again. If you had to take that test again with no chance to study, you probably wouldn't do well because your brain got rid of the information already. We learn this stuff not for our own good, but rather to take these tests. We memorize this stuff for the test, so once we take it, we forget everything! Do any amount of research into it and you'll see exactly what I'm talking about. 
 I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (8th grade). I was in the school counselor's office almost daily because I was so desperate to get out that I was ready to chug the nearest bottle of windex at any given moment. Is that good? Do you think school helped me through that? Or should I shut up because ""those were the best years of my life"" and ""I don't know how bad it gets.'' I don't go to college until January and I'm already having a mental breakdown! What's the point in all this?! We get birthed, hate life for 80 years and die. 
 When I was in 5th grade, I loved the Titanic. I couldn't tell you why, but I did. It's a fascination I carry with me to this day. I did so much independent research on my own time. That was more than 7 years ago. You'd think I'd have forgotten most of it but no! It was something I cared about. Something I genuinely wanted to learn more about. Because of this, my brain didn't dump it all by the next day. To this day, I still know a lot about the shipping industry, the economy, social standards, political issues, and plenty more from Britain in 1912. I could tell you stuff about individual survivor stories that I remember because I found it interesting. And the internet made it fun too! All of the pictures, videos, movies, articles, discussions on message boards, survivor accounts, and more! It was stimulating! It was so much better than sitting in a hot room full of people I hate, reading out of a book thicker than the tree it was made from, reading about something I could care less about. 
 I hope you guys enjoyed this. I missed my duolingo lesson finishing it. (I have a streak freeze so I still have my streak, if you care.) Sorry for building Trump's wall out of text, but I can get really passionate about things sometimes. Also, I'm going to try and get some sleep (emphasis on try) so forgive me if I don't respond until tomorrow.
 Stonks:  https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/cy8kee/just_got_kicked_out_of_my_economics_class_for/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share"
seasonal depression?  Close  3  Posted by  4 months ago  seasonal depression?  hey you guys! i've been diagnosed with major depression back in winter of 2015 or 2016, i think. i've been getting a lot better lately, and honestly, i thought it was over. BUT ever since november, i've been getting worse and worse. besides other symptoms of depression my biggest worry is that i have an urge to harm myself and i acted on it last night. i feel like its the only way to keep me from feeling out of place and reality itself. is it possible i'm feeling like this because of winter? i can't even think of anything else because literally most things in my life are going okay. i dont know. im scared i have to live with this for the rest of my life.
"Second guessing myself: am I really just a horrible person? Or am I being gaslighted?  Close  3  Posted by  1 month ago  Second guessing myself: am I really just a horrible person? Or am I being gaslighted?  I've been struggling with this for years. I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. I've had friends who are really nice and cool, and know im mentally ill. Ive k own them for years.
 However, as time passed by, i felt more and more like they dont want me there anymore. like i dont matter to them. Like i feel like they dont like me for some reason. So at first, I acknowledged within me that maybe, its my anxiety talking?
 But then i pick up small clues here and there. Being deliberately ignored in a convo, not acknowledging when youre asking how theyre doing or whats up, but you see them totally talking to other friends online about everything to everybody else, messages ignored for days, weeks, despite you seeing them replying to everybody else, them reacting to every comment except yours, etc. You know, the little things that pile up... makes me overthink so much if im just being an asshole, or are these feelings valid? Because they sure hurt as hell and i cant seem to stop it.
 I ask if they have a problem with me, they say ""nah totally cool no prob"", but their actions and the way they treat me suggest otherwise
 It probably comes from the fact that they're all averse to confrontation and prefer being passive aggressive
 I love them very much, and i dont think i can find people as unique as them anytime soon, and no one else seems to care about how im doing, and if im okay, despite letting slip some signs that i really want to kill myself.
 Its like theyre so done with me already, and dont care. It hurts because i feel this same feeling with my supposed best friend.
 Im not sure if it truly is my fault or does part of the problem lie with them too? I dont remember being overly needy or edgy recently, and i know i shouldnt treat friends as therapists, but idk???
 Honestly i want to die right now coz i hate myself, and i know am a shitty person.
 Theres alot more going on but im afraid it wont fit in this single post, which is already a wall of text. So i tried to put in a summary.
 Im sorry if its a confusing wall of texts. Im really just writing as im crying. Coz everything hurts so much, but no one in my supposed friend group cares, and that makes it hurt much much more.
 I just want the pain to stop. Why wont this pain go away."
second lsd trip psychotic episode  Close  0  Posted by  1 month ago  second lsd trip psychotic episode  i have posted this like 2 times in the past but i started to remember bit and bite after it it’s been 4-5 months since and i think i have the full story. so a bit of a back story i have been diagnosed with major depression before this so this might refer to something later on. so i was 13 at the time turning 14 in 2 months (i’m 14 now and i’ve matured and grown a lot since then)  i was getting into smoking heavily but i’ve been smoking since halloween in 2018 so yeah i was smoking heavily and doing other drugs like mdma i did that twice and had a good time i was researching lsd and wild psilocybin mushroom picking specifically psilosybe cubensis and psilosybe subaeruginosa as i live in nsw australia i had tried lsd a month maybe a bit more i did 75ug and had fine time just looking at the walls bend and stuff moving around and breathing  the second time i did a full tab it was 120ug of tabs kn a white piece of paper with pencil lines for where to cut they were really pure and my dealer even said to maybe take half this time as well cos they were strong but i did a full tab instead so i dropped the tab with my friend who did 1 half tab as it was his first and we waited i started to feel really wired felt like the were magnets in my legs but having a positive and positive so it would kinda push together and it started to get more intense a few minutes later i’m already peaking and could tell this was gonna be intense so i saw twig like patterns growing out the walls but not extending to far there was this floral tapestry that had yellow flowers every where, when i looked at it the flower looked like the bloomed even more and changed to orange and then go back in reverse to yellow and this would repeat for as long as i looked at it everything had like a rgb split i felt very dream like my friends brother and our other 1 other friend to the station which was like a 10-15 min walk so we start walking and we were getting close to the station and one of my friends yell there’s someone behind to try scare us or some shit and i started running cos i was tripped out and didn’t really think so i run and we get to the shop as me and my friend had to get milk from the shop so we waited and my friend came out we started to walk back and he kept saying walk straight, act normal and in my perspective i was walking fine and not saying anything we get to this hill about 5 minutes from his house and next minute my friend starts running up the school and i got scared cos i was creeped out and shit and i started running and we got to the top and walked back we went inside his mum was talking to us just having a chat she knew we smoke and she lets us his parents let’s us smoke and stuff and doesn’t get us in trouble they just emerged us to tell them so they know and just to be safe just incase anything goes wrong and i remember his mum asking what my favourite food was and i was stuck in a thought loop and just confused for some reason and didn’t know what was going on so i just said i don’t really know it hard to choose and i just couldn’t think of a food i liked to say it was so hard so i just blurted our chocolate and then i don’t really remember to much form this part only just snippets but i’ve done my best to piece together so i’m sitting on a recliner chair and across form me on the left there is a another 3 person couch which my friends little brother is sitting on and i started to trip the fuck out and zone out and apparently i just got up and threw his little brother or the couch i don’t know why i did this i love that kid he was so fun and nice and he would hang with us when we weren’t smoking. but yeah i do remember throwing him but on like a few seconds i was mostly blacked out for the whole time and didn’t know what was going on so what i did next i started to trip out and felt like i was in this nightmare that i remember but i don’t i just knew i’ve been there before where i can travels through 4 alternate reality but jumper into a certain corner bottom or top corner so say i would jump into the top left corner i would be in a different one on the bottom left corner of the floor   so i would be jumping into the walls and then blackout and think i was i an alternate reality so i would wake up and straight away jump into a corner i moved into his brother room and was sitting down not saying anything my friend was sitting next to me and i was like moving towards him like i was really scared at one of the snippets i remember waking up being like on the ground being pushed down to restrain me on the phone to my brother who was tripping on the same tabs he was on 1 and his friend was on half my brother had tripped on half of the same tab i did on my first trip he was at his friends but yeah he was on the phone to me when i was blacked out i would make worse screaming nosies i assume very primitive noises and actions i would repeat making those noises and screaming and yelling and shit when i would be black out and i was have like a mini seizure and spaz out but back to the story. when i woke up from that he was asking are you okay and i was saying yeah i’m fine why i didn’t even realise what was happening and didn’t even know or remember next thing i remember was being on the front laying down on the grass so my mum would pick me up to go to the hospital as my friend called her on my phone before the trip i told my friend my passcode just incase anything happened i’m so glad i did that i don’t know what else could of happened i don’t want to know either but yeah i remember getting out of the car at the hospital i was in the backseat on the ground where your feet go and my stepdad pulling me out of the ground out of the car i was resisting and screaming because i thought he was gonna hurt me for some reason and then next minute i wake up in hospital with blood and vomit all on my jumper and my stepdad best red in the face looking disappointed and my mum with her smudged eye liner looking sad and like she was crying i was asking what happened? who fucked up? did i hurt anyone? was it my stepdad who fucked up? and my mum saying no and next minute a doctor comes in and starts asking me questions like what day is it? what season are we in? what month is it? what dose did you take? and stuff like that he said that i’m gonna stay in the monitoring room to see if i have calmed down and eventually we can go i see people around my the hospital and people looking at my and shit i was really scared and hungry i was still tripping everything looked like they were worms moving around and growing still but yeah that was it it’s been 4-5 months since i’m a lot better i had hppd for a bit after but it’s mostly gone now i took a month or two break from weed and it was like a full on psych for a bit but that’s gone as well but i’m smoking again but i don’t do any other drugs i was on anti depressants for most of the time after that trip but i recently got of them about a month ago as my psychiatrist thinks i can give it a try not being on them and i’m going a lot better i respect the fuck out of all psychedelics now ams anyone who uses them i was so stupid i thought i did enough research but still but i’m gonna stay away from all drugs apart from weed for at least 5-7 years i wish i waited until i was older to try them as i wish i could of seem the true beauty and extraordinary experiences and the spiritual experiences you can get out of these substances if your young and want to try please wait until your older. if your about to give me shit please keep it to yourself i know i was stupid and kids like me is the reason why lsd gets a bad name and shit so please just keep it to yourself thank you i hope everyone has a good night/day wherever you and safe trips to all of you ❤️❤️
"Self Harm Help  Close  5  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  Self Harm Help  When I was much younger, around 13 years old, I went through a very short phase of cutting myself. The cuts were surface, mostly, and they hardly bled although some scarred. I got over it (the self harm I mean) and moved on with my life. Now, several years later, I have found myself cutting again--but to an extreme. I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder along with a few other mental illnesses including BPD. I am also a pathological liar in person on instinct.
 Anyway, back to the issue at hand. I am left handed and so my right arm is butchered completely. I am in a musical right now where my costume is short sleeved, so I have resorted to cutting my upper arm. I am not quite sure what I'm looking for in this post, so I guess I'll ask a few questions.
 Self harmers, when did you start? If you managed to stop, when and how did that happen? I need to figure out a new release. The world 'ALONE' has been carved into my forearm and it needs to be gone or a faint scar by November 8th. Advice on scab/scar removal?
 Any other advice is greatly appreciated."
"Self Harm Help: (X-Post from r/depression)  Close  1  Posted by  7 years ago  Archived  Self Harm Help: (X-Post from r/depression)  I was told my post might be addressed more successfully/in more detail here. So here goes:
 When I was much younger, around 13 years old, I went through a very short phase of cutting myself. The cuts were surface, mostly, and they hardly bled although some scarred. I got over it (the self harm I mean) and moved on with my life. Now, several years later, I have found myself cutting again--but to an extreme. I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder along with a few other mental illnesses including BPD. I am also a pathological liar in person on instinct.
 Anyway, back to the issue at hand. I am left handed and so my right arm is butchered completely. I am in a musical right now where my costume is short sleeved, so I have resorted to cutting my upper arm. I am not quite sure what I'm looking for in this post, so I guess I'll ask a few questions.
 Self harmers, when did you start? If you managed to stop, when and how did that happen? I need to figure out a new release. The world 'ALONE' has been carved into my forearm and it needs to be gone or a faint scar by November 8th. Advice on scab/scar removal?
 Any other advice is greatly appreciated. I am trying my best to stop, taking it slowly, and restricting myself in small increments. Thank you"
Sense of melancholy and whenever someone gives me a compliment, I feel like crying. Why?  Close  12  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Sense of melancholy and whenever someone gives me a compliment, I feel like crying. Why?  I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and I'm currently on four different medications to keep me sane. I've felt relatively good for a while now, almost like I've got it under control. However, tonight I feel a sense of melancholy and whenever someone pays me a compliment, I feel like crying, as if I don't deserve it. Is there any reasoning for this or is this just something I'm going to have to live with for the rest of my life? I'm also currently in therapy, but not sure if I will go tomorrow or not because I'm in a bit of a financial bind right now and I'm currently two weeks behind on payment.
"Seroquel Takers: help?  Close  2  Posted by  5 months ago  Seroquel Takers: help?  I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder as well as a few other things like PTSD.
 After having a reaction to lamictal, I was taken off it it and put on seroquel. It’s been literally two days and not only does it knock me OUT and leave me groggy for hours after I wake up, I feel...I can’t describe it but WEIRD. I feel weird and I have these intrusive thoughts that I don’t normally have. Mostly, it’s about yelling things out. I can’t continue with it.
 Does anyone else have similar experiences?? Please tell me I’m not alone."
"Seroquel vs. Klonopin  Klonopin  Close  0  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Seroquel vs. Klonopin  Klonopin  Hi, as the title reads, I'm currently prescribed 2mg a day of kpin and have been so for a year. I abuse it here and there but haven't blacked out in months. I also take Kratom almost everyday and it's extremely helpful in those few days at the end of the month where I'm out/or rationing before a refill.
 I also take 200mg of zolaft a day, am diagnosed with major depression, and panic disorder.
 However, to my somewhat not complete surprise, my psych wants to switch me from my Klonopin/Ambien regiment (kpin for daily anxiety/panic attacks and Ambien for sleep) with Seroquel or Olanzapine. He told me he recognizes that despite their potential for anxiety/sleep help, that it would help me gain weight, but overall would be a pretty ""off-label"" way to use one of the two medications. I am curious, I know that neither are habit forming, but is one better for anxiety/sleep than the other; is there one I should push for over the other?
 Finally, I'm rather terrified of leaving benzodiazepines behind. My psych has confirmed that I would have a supply for ""as-needed"" usage, but that will obviously be much less than my current use. I am also at the tail-end of an opiate addiction, which further scares me here. I heard Seroquel can be good for opiate PAWS, is this a blessing wrapped in disguise so I can become non-dependent (opioid: strong emotional, benzo: physical and emotional) on both agents of drugs ?
 Side note, if you've made it this far, thank you! And one final question :) Could I push for staying on the Ambien once I'm fully off kpin and on Seroquel ?
 TL;Dr : Psych is switching me off kpin and Ambien to Seroquel or Olanzapine, for their sleep/anxiety and off-label weight gain benefits. Very scared as my anxiety was terrible prior to kpin, and it's the only thing that's helped. Also at the tail end of an opiate addiction, is seroquel a blessing in disguise for the paws and being off both classes of drug ?"
Several months ago, I’ve been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder. Apparently, I’ve been fighting it for longer than just these several months. I was just too much of a wussy to admit that I can’t handle stress the way others can. My MDD is post-traumatic stress based and eventually was caused by the environment I was surrounded by, myself included. I was a danger to myself. When I was younger, I went through dark times thinking that I ruined lives. Imagine a 7 year old itching to runaway to make at least 3 lives a little better. I was a danger to them. That went on and on and on to the point that when I was 15, I attempted suicide by drowning myself. Obviously, it was a failed attempt. There is no doubt that I was guilty and still am. I was in a pool with my baby sister. I was thinking “Hey, this is it”. Then my sister went under the water with me, thought we were playing a silly game of who could hold their breath the longest. I couldn’t do that to her; scar her like that. Plus, she deserved better. All 4 of my siblings became my motivation. I forced myself to be a better example than what I used to be. Except it got harder and harder to the point that not even they could help me get myself together. Segway. When I first started taking my medication, I was shocked to find out that the side effects of the anti depressants where similar to those of when I didn’t start taking them. I tried to overdose — found out the following day that you can’t really die with that. Probably just get pretty drowsy, easily exhausted? So basically, second time I tried to cheat life = complete fail. But, I’m lucky to be alive right now. I’m on stronger medication. I cleared my environment off of people who can’t make me live a proper positive life. I’m off drinking and smoking. I slowly am becoming less of a danger to myself and to others. And it feels so damn good. Despite having most of my days down in the dumps, I still manage to find at least one good thing out of it. And, it may get difficult on most days but, luckily, I have family and friends who help me keep my strength. Who help me stand tall. Who help me get through whatever it is I go and will go through.
"Should I be worried about my stomach pains?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Should I be worried about my stomach pains?  I am a 19 year old female. My symptoms are:
   Nausea: every day for the past 3 weeks. It varies in severity and comes and goes throughout the day. Eating or changing my diet does not help.
   Vomiting: less frequent than the nausea, I maybe vomit once or twice a week (it's not usually a lot of vomit either).
   -Heartburn/Acid reflux: My heartburn and acid reflux is usually so bad that I can't really eat anything. I burp frequently.
   Diarrhea: Every day, multiple times a day. Texture is usually soft or watery and varies in colour (brown or dark brown usually). It can happen after I've eaten or randomly, and I have trouble holding it until I can get to a bathroom.
   Hemorrhoids/bleeding from rectum: I get hemorrhoids at least once a month, and I've been noticing minimal bleeding from the rectum as well (it's not always hemorrhoids that cause the bleeding).
   Lower back pain: usually bad enough that I have trouble walking. This pain comes and goes depending on what I do to irritate it.
   Stomach pains: aching/burning sensation. Mostly upper/lower right side that is painful, but it can sometimes be the left side or between my breasts and belly button. The pain can come and go but recently it's been pretty much constant. I also have stomach cramps.
   missed period: I missed my period for the months of February and March. I am not pregnant, nor have I been sexually active. When I do have my period, it is very painful and heavy.
   Burning sensation when urinating: happens less frequently, usually once a week. I also have frequent yeast infections.
   I also drink coffee and have been on and off of several medications, which are: Seroquel 25mg (went off of it yesterday after taking it since Feb. 28th), Zoloft 150 mg (went off of it about a week ago), Zantac 150 (taking it for heartburn/ stomach issues. I usually take 1-2 pills a day). Tylenol extra strength: I take this usually 3 times a month for pain and headaches (1-2 pills a day).
 I have not taken NSAIDS for a year due to being put on Zoloft.
 Medical History:
 I have been diagnosed with Major depression and OCD. The OCD might be causing me to be a little bit of a hypochondriac.
 Family history: I have a family history of diabetes (type 1 and 2), heart problems, stomach ulcers (mother has them), colon cancer (grandmother had it, IBS, lactose intolerance and celiac disease.
 This is a long post, but I just wanted to be sure that I should see a doctor (my OCD causes me to have anxiety over symptoms). I've had several hospital/ER visits in the past year and don't want to have to go in if I don't want to. I don't want to waste a doctor's time for nothing."
"Should I invite my brother to my therapy session?  Advice Received  Close  1  Posted by  1 month ago  Should I invite my brother to my therapy session?  Advice Received  I have been diagnosed with major depression for over two years, and I have been in therapy since then. The reason why I got depression is because two years ago, I was pining for a girl that I met in high school five years before that (7 years from today). He told me that that girl got a boyfriend, and qualified my devotion to her as ""cringy."" That made me fall into a depression that has put me into debt and in my parent's place for the last two years. I have been blaming that event for putting me in this situation, and I have wondered why did he had to do that. In that time I had a reason to do the things a I did, whereas today I am empty. Then to add to the matter, he questioned me about my politics six months ago in a sort of judgmental way. So I have wondered, why did he say that the girl I longed for had a boyfriend? What did he hoped to gain? I have wanted to confront him, but I am afraid that that will worsen our relationship. However, my therapist presented the option to have him join our session in order to discuss this issue on our next therapy session. The question is, should I confront him in the first place? How should I approach the matter? How do I invite him to join our therapy session?
 Thanks."
Should I listen to random people on the internet who tell me I'm not depressed?  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Should I listen to random people on the internet who tell me I'm not depressed?  I'm diagnosed with major depression but someone on Reddit told me I'm "not depressed and have no idea what it's like" and got a lot of upvotes. Should I listen to them and stop calling myself depressed?
"Should I take my suicidal thoughts seriously?  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Should I take my suicidal thoughts seriously?  Sorry for the long post but I had to get this off my chest and get an outsider opinion.
 I have been diagnosed with major depression and borderline personality disorder, and currently doing therapy twice a week for them, besides taking shit loads of antidepressants to feel better.
 I've started getting depressive episodes 7 years ago, and my thoughts were ""I'd rather be dead, but my mom would be upset so I wont do anything."" And that would be it. I've gone into a few episodes until I finally started going to therapy 6 months ago.
 I haven't really talked about my suicidal thoughts to my therapist, but I recently told him that all I think about is that I'd be better off dead, among many other things I was complaining about. He didn't say anything specific about the suicidal thoughts, but I think it was because I wasn't very honest and I made it seem like a passive thought.
 I think my suicidal thoughts are passive, but they are advancing. I find myself imagining ways to kill myself and sometimes googling that to know more, how it would probably feel, thinking whether I'd leave a suicide note if I did decide to commit suicide, thinking about what I would write if I did it, etc...
 I don't know whether I should or shouldn't take these seriously, I think that although they are more than ""I'd rather be dead"", I'm not actually planning to do it. But I don't know, I like thinking that it will always be an option if I decide that I want out.
 I also have been very repulsive to people around me and lost so many friends due to lack of communication and broke off my relationship with my boyfriend. As sad as it makes me, I find myself thinking that now I have less ties to this world, which means that if I ever did it, I'll impact less people.
 I dont know man, life sucks."
"Should we move out?  [Advice Request]  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  Should we move out?  [Advice Request]  I don't know if this goes here so feel free to kick me if I'm in the wrong area.
 I am fairly certain this sub-fits my own childhood/current experiences with my mother to the letter. She has openly admitted to putting her needs before my own and she raised me a single mom but with lots of help and support from my grandparents (bless them) and my aunts.
 I don't wanna go into much more than that, so down to the nitty-gritty. My boyfriend and I have been together for almost 2 years now (2 in August) and he moved in with us a few months after we started dating. I live at home with my mother while I am in school as its cheaper and it's only a 30min drive.
 As a kid, I was always worried I was just blowing things out of proportion about my mother's emotional and sometimes physical abuse. I was terrified of being put into foster care or people just straight up not believing me because they trust my mother. There was a lot of gas-lighting in my childhood. She is manipulative, verbally abusive, and physically large/intimidating so I after 20 years of being raised by her am rightfully scared when she gets in a rage about something.
 She rages about things like me not doing ALL THE CHORES in our household outside scooping cat litter (which she also tries to make me do). If I leave the dishes for 1 day its a lot of yelling and screaming. I have always had to be the emotionally stable one in my two-person family. It wasn't a fun way to grown up. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety and insomnia to name a few. Not to mention the fact I tried to kill myself after she refused to let me come home despite literally begging her because I didn't have a car at the time.
 At the beginning of my relationship with my boyfriend, I got in a HUGE blowout with my mother. I left amidst screaming and sobbing my eyes out. I stayed with a friend for a few days and had to have another male friend escort me home because I didn't feel safe....with my own mother.
 Flash-forward to today. Boyfriend and I have been living under the same roof with my mother for about as long as we've been together. She has her good days and her horrible days. I've given up on trying to walk on eggshells and do everything for her. I shouldn't have to revolve my life around her shitty choices, attitude problems and how she wants things done as soon as she thinks about them.
 I am emotionally and physically exhausted by her. Lately, it is to the point where I don't even want to come home. I get up at 7am for work and then school until 4:30, then have a 30-minute drive home. I'm tried. I am stressed out because I am trying to graduate in the fall and looking at grad school. I don't want to deal with my mother any more she only makes it all worse.
 God knows I love her, she is the only mom I've got but I don't think I can keep living with her. My boyfriend and I  are in a semi-stable financial situation. We are both fed up with her and want to change things but I'm scared. I don't want to be a burden on my partner. I also worry because if I go I will have to take 2 of my 3 dogs (if she doesn't go ballistic and try to make us take all 3. The two males can't be together without fighting) and at least one or two of our cats. I am graduating in the Fall and looking at grad schools in a bigger city about an hour away. We talked about moving there because neither of us wants to commute to that city.
 Is this the right move? Should we be looking into a place of our own? Am I being held back by the emotional and financial dependence my mom had put on me or should we try to tough it out as long as we can?"
"Smoking weed everyday, is it ok to do so?  Question  Close  5  Posted by  1 month ago  Smoking weed everyday, is it ok to do so?  Question  Hello everyone! I keep having thoughts about smoking weed everyday. It KEEPS making feel bad that I do. The weed isn't making me feel bad, it's that I argue whether it's ok and healthy to do it everyday. I'm 18, a student and no job. I live at home, I go to school still so I'm functional. I smoke 2-3x a day everyday. There are times where I don't smoke for a couple days to a week and I feel fine. I find things to do so I don't get bored. This is the period of time when I don't have money btw. I don't get symptoms. Weed makes me feel alive. I space it out, I smoke at least 5 hours apart and it's usually 2x time a day. Is this healthy and ok? Please answer honestly, I don't have any bills rn nor any obligations that I can't handle right now with weed.
 Edit: I've been diagnosed with major depression disorder since 2013. Weed allows me to feel open and pushes me to just enjoy life."
"So I doubt I can do anything about this but I was just curious about this situation..
  
 I was fired from my last two jobs in the same industry (competing brands).  1 in 2016 and the other in 2018.  I have been diagnosed with clinical depression for the last 8 years.  I finally decided to switch doctors and get a different opinion on everything because I kept on having issues and it was costing me relationships and obviously jobs.  So it turned out I was bi-polar and the clinical depression was just a common misdiagnosis for Bi-polar. I have been on bi-polar meds for 2 months now and I feel incredible. My mind is much more clear to say the least.
 So my inquiry is about my previously employment... could I potentially get the job back? Is there any law or something that I could reference to plead my case?  Like I said I am not expecting anything I am just really curious since I liked both jobs.  The reasons I was let go for were directly influenced by my bi-polar disorder. I just didn't know I was bi-polar yet and either did they.
 Any input would be appreciated."
"So I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and I might just be incredibly cynical, but I can't help but think having cancer would be easier than what I'm going through. First of all and IMO most importantly, cancer patients immediately get all the support, medication, doctors and surgery they need. Even if you're an asshole, if you get cancer, everybody roots for you. I can tell you from experience that telling your closest friends that you have a mental health issue just makes them run away and you will never get the support you need.
 I've also been trying to find a good doctor who will prescribe me an effective medication for years and it is incredibly difficult to find what works for you. I think the daily struggle and emotional pain you are forced to endure every day as a sufferer of depression is worse than the physical pain of a cancer patient (This is definitely biased I know. I don't know how it feels to endure cancer but physical pain pails in comparison to emotional pain if you ask me).
 Edit: I should specify that I mean the quality of life with cancer is better than depression because you either beat it or die and no longer suffer within a short time span. With depression you have worse quality of life for a much longer time frame. Which is why I think it's worse."
So I’ve never posted on here before and not sure what to say exactly but here it goes....I’ve been diagnosed with major depression and everyday is a battle honestly...so some big changes recently happened in my life both of my roommates moved out and now I’m living 100% alone... one roommate was my sis and another was a guy I was talking too...since he’s moved out I feel him distancing himself already (and it’s only been a couple of days) I know that I shouldn’t be so emotionally invested in someone who doesn’t put me first but it still hurts you know...what do you do in this situation or what advice do you guys have ?
So I'm going to a festival in a couple of weeks, planning on trying MDMA for the first time. I'm going with my boyfriend who's done it plenty of times before. I'm just a bit worried because I'm quite small (127lb) for my height and get drunk/stoned quite easily. One question I'm wondering how much water is too much water? Alsooo I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, this might sound like a stupid statement but I'm scared of having a super awful comedown. What's the best way to prevent this?
So long story short, the last two years have been really bad for me. My mom had a severe heart attack and almost died. My younger sister turned into a heroin addict. My fiancé cheated on me and kicked me out of our house leaving me with no where to go and two months ago I found out my four year old daughter was being molested. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety. The last six months have been especially hard as I was living in my car up until 3 weeks ago when I totaled it on the highway. In the time I was living in my car I got 4 tickets for not having insurance or up to date tags. I never went to court because honestly I was planning on killing myself and didn’t think it mattered but when I came very close to dying in that crash I realized that I don’t want to die and leave my kids without a father. So now I’m stuck with the consequences of my stupid choices. I know I should get a lawyer but I am completely broke and won’t have any significant cash until after my court date. I live in Kentucky. How screwed am I? I know I will have a ton of fines but I’m worried about going to jail. I have a really good job and I don’t want to lose it.
"So this is why Hollow Knight is my top 1 favourite game of all times  Community  Close  13  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  So this is why Hollow Knight is my top 1 favourite game of all times  Community  Before you start reading, I'm going to try to keep this post spoiler free for the most part but still read with caution, as I already know the lore so I might slip out somewhere
 Also I'd like to say that this post is referring to my own mental health problems and it might be different for everybody, it doesnt have to make sense to you because I know for a fact it wont help everyone but I hope it helps someone. I'm not trying to generalize cases of depression, it is my own experience.
 Now I've played a lot, and I mean too many games in my life, from the 3 dark souls to sonic mania, I like to jump every genre, a bit of all. But mostly I like metroidvanias and story driven games where you have to unveil the lore by yourself.
 Now just by this it's pretty clear why I like hollow knight so much but there is a deeper meaning to it that I've found and I think it might be helpful to some people to play this game. Here is why
 Now I am diagnosed with major depression and anxiety, it's irrelevant information to most people but I've found that this game, this specific game has helped me more than any medication I've taken in the last 3 years. And I think it might help others with a situation like mine aswell.
 The thing with hollow knight is that I related so deeply with every single part of the game, that I was always invested, my first run I was all about the lore, running around the map to talk to people, read signs, and finally understand what really happened and why we are in hollownest, you weren't given a purpose, you weren't trying to save a princess from a castle or killing some dude who is tormenting your family, you dont know why you're here, you just drop and find out while you explore, what you need to do. You figure out your purpose, you get a sense of direction by connecting the dots, and you have to do this journey mostly by yourself.
 The thing about hollow knight is that it's a lonely game, it's a game where there are no voice lines, other than some NPCs you find around and get to interact with, this are the only characters that you interact with in a friendly manner, they help you, sometimes protect you, and whenever you see them again when playing, you get a sense of relief and gratitude that they're here to guide you, and help you. If you're feeling stuck like when entering the mantis village, or talking to the old bug to understand what is to him, what's happened. What is happening. But most of the game it's just you  you're by yourself and you have to just keep playing until you get to the next piece of lore, the next boss fight, the next power up. This is a lonely game, and I can relate a lot to the loneliness that the game, the maps, and the soundtrack emanate. And just like in real life, you just have to keep going, alone. Keep fighting until you get a sense of purpose, until you understand what it is that you need to do.
 Now spoilers ahead so you might want to skip ahead this part if you haven't finished this game
 Hollow knight has helped me relate to it in a way I can only describe as sad, because knowing I can relate to it tells me I'm not okay. When you start progressing in the story of the game you see how the infection progresses, rotting the mind of hollow nest's inhabitants, destroying what's left of an old great city. And this is much as my mental health problems, every day I've woken up feeling a bit more hollow, feeling worse. Like I'm getting a bit worse and my problems are propagating, much like the infection my mind is rotting, and this is the worse feeling I've felt, the feeling of loneliness and hollowness is awfull. But hollow knight has helped me understand how to approach my problems, how to beat them, and how to in the end, hopefully some day contain the infection rotting my own mind.
 The other great thing with hollow knight, is that it is highly directed to boss fights, monsters with a lot of power that you have to learn to beat, understand their patterns and upgrade to finally get past them to progress, to me, beating this tame taught me lots of things, but above all it taught me to pull though, beat the monsters on my mind. Learn the patterns and how to get past them. Because no matter how big a problem is, it really is solvable, no matter how hard a boss is, it is beatable. You just need to keep trying, pull though. Learn from your mistakes. The difficulty of the bosses plays a big part of the game too, theres bosses that are dark souls level and have made me so mad, but after all. I've beaten them, those huge enemies that the game presented me against, that I had to fight on my own, tons of times until I beat them. A small warrior against a giant enemy. But in the end it's all worth it.
 Now this game on my point of view, has helped me in a million ways.
 It teaches you how your mind works, it helps you without you even knowing it. And that's why I love it so much, because even if its unintentionally, I have related to this game so much, that I've learnt things that have helped me to get better, a little bit at a time, one boss at a time, learning to connect the pieces of lore and find a final purpose.
 Hollow knight is my favourite game of all times, and I hope that it might help others as it has helped me."
"So this week has been pretty rough. My brother's ex-girlfriend was found dead from an apparent suicide hours after she tagged him on facebook with the caption ""The past will haunt us forever."" of course, being the best friends that we are, we laughed at her melodrama. I knew it was a cry for help, but she's been doing stuff like this for years with nothing ever happening, and I was tired of her always making my brother feel guilty for things that weren't his fault. She used to get jealous because he would hang out with me instead of her (we're full-blooded siblings, by the way) and would constantly threaten to kill herself if he made her angry. They haven't talked much over the lasts few years, but he texted her to see what was up and she apologized for everything. He told her she had nothing to apologize for because all was forgiven, but he didn't let that conversation get him down. Now he feels guilty because he was the last person she talked to before she killed herself. I am sad for her family, but I am angry with her. Her death does not change the fact that I never liked her as a human being because she would lie and manipulate to get what she wanted. No matter how many times we tried to help her out (calling the police whenever there was a verbal threat of suicide, calling friends to make sure she hadn't OD'd again etc.) she would continue to just wallow in her misery and refuse to get help. There's only so much we could do with a ""responsible"" adult. She is survived by her 2.5 year old daughter and coke-head baby-daddy and abusive mother. I am just so mad at her for not thinking this through and just deciding that this was the answer. I know that she was going through a lot (both my brother and I have been diagnosed with clinical depression) and I know that suicide seems like a damn good option when you're feeling hopeless and alone. I am just mad at her because she refused to seek help and instead relied on others to be her emotional-tampon and punching bag when she was low.
 I also found out that my mother may have had a stroke at 49. She is showing signs of dementia and this all comes about six months after her open-heart surgery. The surgery was partly genetic (STRONG history of heart problems in the family. I.e. all of her sisters have high bp which she never had, and most have had at least one heart-attack) and partly because she is significantly overweight. After years of not caring for herself, this emergency bypass surgery was not too unexpected, though she did seem a bit young. Now, I am afraid to leave her at her house (I live with my dad, while my brother lives with her) because I'm afraid that she'll drive somewhere and not know how she got there, not recognize her family, take multiple doses of her pills and over-pay her bills. She's already taken so much leave from her job with the heart surgery (FMLA) that she can't afford to not work, but her memory problems aren't condusive to her being a social worker with access to confidential information. I feel guilty that I might have to care for her again (I bathed her, fed her and made sure she was taking care of her pills and exercise after the surgery) because I'm still in school and I plan on going to law school next year. If I have to drop out to take care of her, I know that I'll feel resentful about not being able to finish my degree to get my JD, and I know that my brother will refuse to be her primary care-giver. My dad will (and has been supporting) support her financially, but I would feel so much worse if my mother was put in a nursing home at 49. Reddit, this fucking sucks. I feel horrible and I just want to scream and cry and throw things, but I can't talk about this to people because my mom doesn't want to advertize that she may have had a stroke or seizure or something (our insurance company is holding off on the MRI) so I have to keep this bottled up. Sorry for the wall of text. tl;dr Brother's ex killed herself, my mother is sick again, I feel guilt for being mad about these things."
"So very typical of me, a teenage girl, to hate her father. But it couldn't be any more black and white than that.
 Growing up I'd never been close to my siblings, due to a massive age gap. I was a solitary child, choosing to play video games, go on the computer, or go swim in the pool in the backyard. I liked being alone. I was very afraid of speaking to, being around, or being seen by others. The first time I remember these feelings were around the age of seven, as I had just started second grade, and we actually had to learn things other than the fact that you should try to color within the lines. I know I was always smart; very good at English, unlike most of the immigrant kids I grew up around, being in the Southwest.
 Growing up, that never changed. Now, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, agoraphobia, and social anxiety. This makes going to school extremely difficult. In the past school year, I'd miss, typically, two to three days out of the week due to panic attacks. I was kicked from school a few days ago because of attendance.
 My dad was never big in my life. I was never a ""daddy's girl,"" and rarely even paid attention to the man. I only noticed his absence when he was angry, because it was hard to ignore. He's an ignorant 58 year old country boy who believes you're not sick unless it's physical. He told me I was faking the medical issues for attention. He repeatedly screamed at me for missing school because I'm ""a stupid, selfish teenager who doesn't know shit."" Over the past seventeen years of my life, he has made no attempt to get to know me as a person. The respect he demands is not mutual.
 He makes me feel worthless, as a human being.
 And he is nothing but kind to my two, older siblings."
So, a bit of background: I am a 47F. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anxiety disorder, temporary bouts of psychosis, and panic attacks. I lost my FT job (which I liked) at the end of September. Due to a combination of health related issues. Physical & mental. My honest opinion is that I have chronic Lyme and co-infections.  My symptoms both physical and mental began to get bad in 2017 after having surgery. But, being in constant pain 24/7, having insomnia, days on end with no sleep, then Bartonella's Lyme rage. Well, you can imagine I can get quite moody!!! My panic attacks reached a completely new and volatile place. In the four years I worked at my last job I had 6 or 7 panic attacks. Usually, left for the day. This last one in September was horrible!!! I felt I had no control, like I was watching it happen from outside my body. It was very public, most have been. But, like everything and everyone disappeared except the group of co workers in front of me that triggered my meltdown. (Over something so trivial). I got hot, I sweat, I shake, my heart pounds and races, my blood pressure rises, it gets harder and harder to breath!!! Fight or flight kicks into overdrive as I shout in my devil voice and tears run down my face! I usually take flight leaving during or after the attack. Twice now I have heard a scary voice telling me that I am crazy, that I am worthless, that I have so many issues now that I should just kill myself, that I am a burden to my family, that I am fat, ugly, intimidating, that no one really wants me around! Just do it! Both times  I attempted suicide. After these attacks are over...I feel sorry, I feel ashamed, disappointed, embarrassed, I become fearful that if I so easily hurt myself...what if I were to hurt someone else? So...day after I had the last attack and left work my partner of 21 years slowly and as matter of fact as possible tells me I should not go back to that job, that I shouldn't apply for a new job. That all my health and mental issues are getting progressively worse right in front of our eyes. That I scare people! (I am 5'3" tall, short and fat, in crippling pain), that she fears that I am capable of hurting myself or someone else. (I understood where she was coming from, I saw these same things happening to me. But secretly hoped no one else could see it). I am an emotional, caring, loving, giving, helping others kind of person. I am honest to a fault. I wear my heart on my sleeve, I am sensitive to others needs and emotions. So having this conversation was ripping my heart out. I cried, and sobbed, and had the dry heaves!  I was not prepared to hear I was scary or dangerous, or crazy...so am I a bad person now??? So, I did not go back to work, now I am literally afraid to go anywhere!!! I cancel needed appointments, I get so full of  anxiety at the thought of getting ready to go somewhere. I am afraid that I will be triggered into a public and scary panic attack. Hate crowded busy places, hate waiting in line or in traffic, I hate the feeling of being looked at or judged. So when I do manage to get around to leave the house I meltdown, anxiety attack, tears frozen!!! But, this is not really who I am. I can be a bit of a home body but I like to be able to go help family and friends when needed, I liked going to work, the sense of accomplishment.  I so badly want to go shopping and get my grandkids Christmas gifts...yet I can't do it! I do not know how folks manage trapped inside their house missing out on so many parts of life. What can I do???
"So, I am thinking to go for education for accountant, but I am not sure is this or is this not job for me. Some things about me:
   I am an introvert, dont mind to talk to people, but the less I can the better.
   I dont mind sitting all day at the computer
   I dont mind doing repetitive jobs
   I dont mind to work with numbers
   I am diagnosed with clinical depression, which Im still curing, I dont respod good to criticism or mobying at work
   My first dream job was to be a librarian, but for that you need to have a major, and I am way over 30s now. Any recommendations? Any piece of advice will do."
"So, I guess I should start with my stats, right? I'm a 16 year old girl, and 5'3"". CW: 138. GW: 115 or so. Really, I just want to look and be stronger and more muscular.
 I have been trying to lose weight for two years or so now. The problem is, I have only managed to gain more weight as the years went on. Whereas I started at maybe 115 and trying to lose five pounds, I somehow ended up at 120, and it kept going and going to where I currently stand on the scale.
 I'm not going to lie: it's been demoralizing. It's been a brutal and disappointing battle. No matter what I do, nothing changes. I still manage to accrue stretch marks where they never were, and I can feel my shorts getting tighter. I work out every single day and I count my calories oh-so-carefully, to the point of feeling embarrassed about my food pickiness while out with friends. I know that I don't sleep enough (I average around five to six hours of sleep on a school night), but I for the most part do the right things. Some strength training here. HIIT there. A run every few days. Two to three hours of water polo practice five days a week. But still nothing changes.
 Now, I can't trust my feelings. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression for a few years now, and I know that intensifies my feelings of failure and disappointment with myself. But that doesn't negate the fact that when I try most, I seem to go backwards. Here's a sample of my day:
 Breakfast:
  One serving of Multigrain Cheerios (yes, I measure it out)  3/4 of a cup of fat free milk  One tablespoon of peanut butter    Lunch: One serving of Greek yogurt
  1/2 a cup of pineapple  Ten raspberries    Dinner:
  4 ounces of grilled chicken breast  1/2 a cup of brown rice  A few stalks of grilled asparagus    Dessert:
  1/2 a cup of sugar free ice cream    Workout:
  Two and a half hours of water polo practice  (Includes 45 minutes of intense swimming, treading water, etc.)  Or some variation of a P90X session or Spartan Race WOD.  So that's what I've been doing lately. But the thing is, I have tried so many other things. I do plenty of research on this sort of stuff. I did half of P90X, along with the nutritional plan, to no avail. I tried the BMR approach. TOFL, or whatever it's called. Instead, I somehow managed to gain weight and fat.
 I'm proud of my current level of fitness. I am committed to working out every day, something a lot of people my age don't prioritize. I'm the most fit out of my friends, with the best all-around physical and athletic abilities. I do my best to eat well (I haven't eaten red meat in four years!). I don't even eat fried food or sweets. Ever. No cheat days, lest my guilt conscience eat me alive in my sleep.
 I have a large stomach. I have a big butt. My arms and legs are very muscular, though. I just wish that my body reflected my levels of physical fitness, and that I wouldn't be lead down this path of inexplicable weight gain.
 Could it have something to do with my anorexia bouts in the past? Do I just try too hard? I would talk to my mom about it, but she hates it when I focus on weight because of my past problems with weight management. I'm just lost. I had to shop for a dress today, and it killed me. Terribly, utterly killed me. I get anxiety when I go clothes shopping or have to change into my swimsuit for practice. Everyone on my team wears two pieces for practice, and it kills me a little inside. I can't even look in the mirror before I take a shower, or else I'll get really upset with myself right before school. No one knows about my struggles with weight and self image.
 I hope this post isn't too negative, haha. I lurk here a lot, and I love seeing everyone's progress and encouragements. This is just something that has been troubling me to the point of tears for a really, really long time.
 Thanks, you guys. I love you,  r/loseit . If you have any questions, feel free to ask me. I'll answer (almost) anything."
"So... I have been diagnosed with clinical depression. I am undergoing cognitive behavioural therapy and one of the things my Therapist wants me to try is opening up and describing my situation.
 Before I start I want to make clear one of my problems is that I struggle to open up, this is a direct factor behind how I got myself into this position.
 So, currently I am having daily breakdowns whereby I will just burst all my pent up emotions within one go; I am also struggling to eat, take care of myself and this is obviously having negative effects on my life. but this post isn't about my diagnosis, this is about how i got here. It will be written in a timeline of events and feelings.
 May 2016:
 I have been saving up to buy a house for my SO and I. We had been together three years. I had always told my SO that I didn't want to get married (She did) and I didn't want children. My brother has severe autism and I was scared that my children would also (silly I know). My feelings started to change around this time. I bought a ring for my SO and I was ready to start our new chapter with a house and engagement. She still didn't know my feelings had changed. I was taking my SO on holiday in July 2016 and I was getting everything prepared to get engaged and ask her to buy a house with me. I was financially stable, good job, savings and financial backing.
 June 2016:
 My Grandmother, who basically brought me up was diagnosed with a terminal illness. I spent the majority of my time working and travelling to see her. Obviously this meant I didn't get my chance to see my SO as much as I wanted to. My work was also being effected. I thought my boss understood.
 July 2016 - the holiday: I took my SO on holiday with me, we went to France. We were staying in a small town outside of Nice. I also had decided that I didn't think it was the right time to ask her to marry me and move in because of what was happening with my grandmother. It also happened to be over Bastile day - the terror attacks we were nowhere near but my friends and family didn't know that. It was a great day until the news broke. Everything in France just kinda died out.  As a result our flight back was cancelled and we were stranded in France for 3 extra days after a security operation. I obviously knowing what I was going to do on this holiday it hit me hard, this was supposed to be a happy time for us and progressing with our lives, but it didn't turn out like that. My SO and I were fighting and we didn't have a great time for these three days stuck in an airport travel motel with nothing but a nearby MacDonalds and fast food to eat (she is a vegetarian and there was nothing I could find to feed us). I also as a result missed my return to work date by 2 days. MY boss was not happy.
 Late July: My grandmother died - I took leave from work and I went to the funeral my SO came with me. Again I obviously wasn't myself and I didn't at any point tell my SO what was wrong. We didn't talk about it.
 As I was at the funeral wake, my phone kept ringing, It was one of my staff members from work. He had had an accident and couldn't get hold of anyone else because it was out of hours. Okay, no problem, I ring up my boss and explain what has happened and what will need to be done when she got into work the next day (she also knows what to do).
 I get back from my compassionate leave and am whisked into a meeting with the regional manager, weird. Turns out I have been suspended from work pending an investigation into why the accident was not reported. No problem, my boss will clear it up that I had rang and told her. Oh wait no... She hadn't reported the accident and denied all knowledge of it.
 August:
 I have lost my job. After a long employment tribunal, fixed results and my ultimate sacking I am given a small agreed payout from the company and expected to move on. I didn't really see my SO during this time as most of my time was spent between lawyers, workers unions and tribunal meetings. I also spent about £3,000 during this time which was supposed to be for my house deposit. I had to, I couldn't just let my previous employer get away with this. So now I am jobless, my grandmother passing and I am not in a great place.
 September:
 My SO breaks up with me. I understand her reasons now, but at the time I was mentally dead I didn't cry I was just like okay, goodbye. I didn't fight it. I didn't have the capacity to even try. I didn't care, I was so dead inside I was willing to just let her walk away. I was so annoyed she would break up with me during the hardest point of my life. But because I didn't let her know how I was feeling, she didn't know this. I have no resentment for her, she did it in her own best interests, I hope she is happy now.
 October/November:
 I really don't remember what was going on. I don't have any real memories of this time. I don't know what I was doing and I don't know how I felt.
 December:
 The depression starts. I find the ring I was going to give to her and the whole past months flood in again. I made the decision to return back to my mother's house and spend some time at home for Christmas. It was okay until a few days in whereby she says that I am better off without my SO. I think she was just trying to be supportive, but it really wasn't the right thing to say. It ended in a sizeable argument, which could have been avoided if I had just told her how I was feeling. This is also when I am having a daily breakdown with all my emotions. My mother convinces me to see a specialist.
 Late December and New Years:
 I am still having the daily breakdowns, being drunk on NYE wasn't fun. I got really drunk, argued with my best friend to the extent he kicked me out of his house. If I had told him what was happening he would have understood why I was being suck a dick crying into my pint.
 January:
 My EX SO is coming to my flat because it is my flatmates birthday and they were good friends. I want to speak to my EX SO before she comes down. Whereby she tells me she is seeing someone new. that then sets off my biggest breakdown to date. I tell her I love her and tell her about the ring, the money, how dead I was when we broke up and how I felt. Finally I am telling her how I feel. opening up. getting everything on the table. she gives me one look which haunts me. It is blank. she has no visual feelings. She was always the one to show emotions. This bit hurt more than anything I have ever witnessed.
 A few days later my two flatmates (whom are in a relationship) ask me to move out. They want a place of their own. again I understand their position and they don't understand mine. So I am now Jobless, SOless, Flatless.
 EXSO still comes down for my flatmates birthday, we have a laugh, we get on, we drink a lot. I have this brave face on like nothing is bothering me. then we go for EXSO breakdown round two. The same stuff as before just again. She has no emotion it hurts, I beg for a hug. She looks at me again and just says ""why bother opening up now"". She goes to the other room to sleep and leaves me alone.
 Present:
 I cant shake the daily breakdowns. I am trying to make positive changes in my life but without much success. I have sold the ring now and using the money to treat myself and pay for healthy food and exercise. I have explained my situation to all my close friends and family and they are supporting me through this with the help of my Therapist. But I just can't let go to the fact that if I was open and honest I could have had a house with a fiance and we could have been happy together. instead because I wasn't open with a woman I loved I now have very little in my life.
 Thanks for reading if you got through all of this. I tried to keep it short and simple so If you have any questions or anything, just ask. I will be open and honest with my answers.
 TL;DR: I have opened up about my issues from death, job loss and breakup and please, please, if you are having issues be open and honest with those you love, or you may lose them. They will help you through!"
"Some Questions About Diagnosis  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   2 years ago  Archived  Some Questions About Diagnosis  Howdy all!
 First of all, the formalities: I am a 19yo transmasculine person. I am 4'11"" and I weigh 200lbs. I have an abundance of chronic joint issues. I am currently prescribed testosterone, Effexor (depression), Paxil (depression), Seroquel (insomnia), and Gabapentin (anxiety and neuropathy).
 Previously, I've been diagnosed with major depression, generalized anxiety, a panic disorder, agoraphobia, and insomnia.
 I recently requested my medical records from my new-ish psychiatrist. I got them today and I was reading through them and I saw that he has me diagnosed with an ""Unspecified mood [affective] disorder Code F39.""
 What is an unspecified mood [affective] disorder? How is it different than my previous diagnoses? I don't see my doc for another three weeks, and I cannot wait that long.
 If any more information is needed, I'd be glad to share!"
"Someone please reply.  Close  5  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Someone please reply.  Edit: I'm sorry this is so long I haven't talked with anyone recently, just things I want to say to someone.
 Edit 2: this was a comment I posted on a sub but I thought maybe I would hear from someone  if I posted it here.
 I'm 16. I've moved to a new place almost every year since I was 12, and have been depressed since I was 9. I take meds and am diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. I usually can put a fake smile on my face and help others when they need emotional support, or when i hang out with friends. I feel like I always take friendships and my situation for granted. My family has fallen apart over the past few years, my dad losing multiple jobs (that's why we've moved so much) and my mom has been on and off, leaving and going never staying with me and my siblings. Last year i moved to Seattle with my mom because of my toxic relationship with my dad. I was given the responsibility to prove my mom as a fit parent for custody, because they were getting divorced. My relationship with my mother dropped to almost nothing now, because I failed in proving her a suitable parent and actually made her seem unfit as a parent. So she left me again and lives across the world. All I needed to do was get good grades, stop doing drugs, make it on the bus in time and help around the house. I couldn't do a single one of those untill it was too late. During this time I had my first relationship and it became so toxic when I said I was suicidal she told me ""you're stupid. I've been through more than you ever have so I don't want to hear it"" but I thought my relationship was normal because my perception of what a relationship is so skewed because of my parents. During this time I used to rip my shirt and try to choke myself til I passed out and wrote fucked up words with my blood. 3 months ago I moved to California back with my dad, and I chose to go to an alternative school where I only have to show up twice a week because starting a third high school in my junior year didnt seem appealing, especially with anxiety. I haven't left my house for the past 3 months except those 2 days a week and an occasional 5 hour train ride to the closest city I have friends. Even so I feel like I haven't progressed, I'm still smoking my pain away and I've really lost all motive for life. Ive isolated myself to the point where my room feels like a jail, but I never want to leave it. In the past 3 weeks I've lost contact with most of my friends (I don't have any nearby I only stay in touch through social media) and I'm losing them too. I used to be able to fake being funny, charming and confident and it worked. I thought I could fake it til I made it. (it was working for years) but now my personality is dull, I'm not funny and I'm not a good friend , I can't give advice like I used to and I can't carry a conversation over video call without pacing back and forth trying to mask my anxiety. these past 3 months have felt stagnant, it's all a blur and I can't even remember what I did yesterday, let alone 2 days ago. I want to die. I won't kill myself. I'm now falling behind in school too. I don't have a support system and I've stopped being introspective and fill my life with meaningless media constantly. I'm sorry this was so long but I haven't talked to anyone in so long this was just what I've been thinking about recently."
"Something keeps happening when I ask for help in my Christian community, and I don't understand it. (Prayer/advice request)  Close  24  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Something keeps happening when I ask for help in my Christian community, and I don't understand it. (Prayer/advice request)  Friend 1:   I'm having trouble figuring out my major, and I'm really scared about my future.  Sometimes, I feel like God forgot about me.  I need someone to speak to.
  Leader(s) in the church:   Of course!  In fact, we should grab coffee sometime and talk about it.
  
  Friend 2:   I'm really concerned about this relationship I'm in.  My history of sexual sin still haunts me.  How can I tell it's from God?
  Leader(s) in the church:   I've been there before, and God taught me a lot.  Lets talk about this over some tea, and here are some other strong Christian men/women I think you should bond and speak with.
  
  Me:   I'm still having trouble processing childhood trauma and my abusive family.  I've been diagnosed with major depression, and it makes life extremely hard.  I feel like I cant really be loved, and I need some help.
  Leader(s) in the church:   People have had it worse than you.  Your problems aren't unique.  Maybe you're too sensitive and should stop throwing pity parties.  Come talk to me after you've had a conversation with God.
  
 I don't understand.  It even happens in family.  I told a relative that I really missed my dead parent, and the only things they had to offer were 1. Crying won't bring them back, 2. Stop having pity parties, and 3.  Why didn't you cry at the funeral?
  
 When I finally met up with a Christian counselor, she didn't really address the trauma - she focused on the fact that I mentioned I experience attraction to both sexes (something God has healed and clarified a lot of the years) and told me that I probably lacked the ability to be monogamous and was doomed to be a serial cheater like my dad.  Funnily, my dad only likes women.
  
 As silly as it seems, it really, truly feels like I'm cursed in some way.  I don't know how to convince the people I'm asking for prayer and help from that I'm struggling with truly serious things - not that my struggles are any worse than anyone elses, but I still really want and need guidance.  I don't understand what it is about me that seems to attract extremely negative responses."
"Sometimes I can feel suicidal with despair and like a few hours later I feel okay like nothing happened. This usually happens over fairly minor things as well. It happened earlier today and I’m okay right now which makes me doubt if those feelings were even real or not 😕 Also I have an issue with impulsive self harming and have little control over it.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and on meds for it but this doesn’t really sound like it?? Idk
 I know this isn’t a place for any diagnosis or anything but I just thought I’d get ur opinions."
"Sorry for formatting I’m on mobile
 I’ve been living in an actual constant state of anxiety. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and severe anxiety and my doctor has been asking me for years to get re-diagnosed to check for PTSD or another “more serious” condition due to my past of self-harm. The problem is that I don’t know how to bring this up with my mom. She’s convinced I just need to be happier or not worry so much, but it’s gotten to the point where if I get too stressed out, I will actually get nauseous and almost throw up, I dissociate a lot, I have this weird thing where I believe if I lesson to certain bands, then whoever I’m interested in at the time will start hating me and I can’t even listen to these bands without having a panic attack, as the title says, I am just in a constant state of anxiety which just exhausts me, I’ve been having memory lapses, which has really been hurting me in college as well as socially, I also sometimes can’t talk, I’m not sure if my brain just shuts down or I become to afraid to, but I lose my ability to talk, I also have severe insecurities in relationships to an extreme degree, I’ve never been a jealous person until recently, and it’s like I need constant validation from everyone around me, and I’m probably forgetting others. As you can tell, this is all pretty extreme signs of abnormal behavior. I don’t think I need to be hospitalized, but I do think I need to be medicated and seek a therapist. How do I talk to my mom about this? She’s not the most understanding person and I just need to know what’s wrong with me"
"Spoke to psychiatrist, diagnosis may be coming.  Close  2  Posted by   BP2   1 year ago  Archived  Spoke to psychiatrist, diagnosis may be coming.  Long story short, I have been seeing a psychiatrist again for the past 2 months. This is my third go on meds, and I've been diagnosed with major depression and general anxiety. Currently on 40mg prozac, and hydroxizine for anxiety as needed. Depression and anxiety drove me to seek help (again). But, I have been reading up and feel like BP2 may be something that describes me well. My irritability is off the charts, but I thought that was anxiety. I'm not sleeping so well lately, but I'm still generally tired, and wish I were sleeping.
  
 What I'm having trouble with is recognizing what is impulsive behavior, and what is just my personality. My psych said I'm talking more and faster, but I've been told I talk fast for my whole life. I like dying my hair different, crazy colors, but that is mostly planned out. I have gotten a ton of tattoos in the past year (a whole sleeve) and some are a little impulsive, but that happens once you get a ton of tattoos. I could look back on my life and recognize what could be hypomania. I have been sober for close to 3 years now, and used to be waaaay more energetic, excitable, and all over the map with my moods, but that could have been just being in my early twenties and drinking too much.
  
 We've decided to track my moods over the next month. I guess I just don't know what could be hypomanic, vs. what is anxiety or just my personality.  Any insight would be awesome, thank you for taking the time to read this."
"Starting self-treatment with psilocybin mushrooms for my treatment resistant major depressive disorder.  Close  22  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Starting self-treatment with psilocybin mushrooms for my treatment resistant major depressive disorder.  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder for the past 17 years and in that course of time have tried every drug class of antidepressants besides MAOIs because I can not find a doctor willing to prescribe them and I have experienced very little relief or progress. Psychotherapy is not responsive for me.
 I have done a lot of research into the use of mushrooms in treating depression and am fascinated by the reports of significant and lasting symptom reduction after just a SINGLE high dose. MRI brain scans before and after psilocybin treatment show significantly heightened and improved brain activity on the post scan results. It has been said to be a way to ""reboot"" the brain so to speak.
 I'm familiar with mushrooms so I know what to expect and how to properly use them. I'm receiving an ounce of Amazonian Cubenis I obtained from a highly reputable vendor and my plan is to take a solid initial dose (4 grams or so) and then microdose with 0.3 grams every third day for the month following, at which point I will gauge results.
 Does anyone else have experience with this? Any insights or advice? Does my plan sound reasonable? Thanks."
"Stay amazing.  Close  13  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Stay amazing.  I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalised anxiety disorder, and attention deficit disorder. I honestly dont see the point of anything anymore. but before I go, I just want to say that I love you guys. Reading your posts makes me feel just a little less alone. So I want to do the same. We're all here because we're all going through the same things. Depression (the disorder) ad its treatments exist because thousands of people go through this. Yeah, I really want to kill myself. And maybe I will. But my entire life would be in vain if I didn't tell someone that I love them. That I care about them. And that I want them to stay. That we  need  y'all to stay. Anyway, love y'all.
 As always,
 Stay amazing. -Ash"
"Stopping Seroquel  Close  2  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   2 years ago  Archived  Stopping Seroquel  (F/22/5'6/138lbs/Caucasian) I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder that I'm not taking anything for, and insomnia which I've been prescribed 50mg of Seroquel for. I've been taking it for 10 months but I recently found out it's seriously bad for you so I want to go off of it, can I quit it cold turkey or do I have to wean myself off of it?
 I haven't been taking it since the 17th, I've had major issues sleeping but otherwise no withdrawal symptoms. My doctor didn't tell me anything about the medication and has been trying to increase the dosage.
 Edit: formatting"
"Struggles with memory?  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  Struggles with memory?  I have always had a pretty forgetful mind. However, since I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder (about six months ago) and began taking antidepressants, my memory is slowly getting weaker and weaker by the day.
 I have been brushing off this persistent issue because I have been known to forget things often. However, today I realized how bad it has become. I was working at my desk and needed to grab a document from another office. I took the keys to unlock the door, walked in, and forgot what I needed. I went back and sat down at my desk for a few minutes, then remembered what it was that I needed. I grabbed my keys, walked back, unlocked the office, and forgot what I was there for a second time. This was all within ten minutes.
 Usually, I just stop mid sentence because I forget what I wanted to say. Or I open an email and forget to respond later. I know these are common mistakes, but it’s happening more often than I think it should. Instances of forgetfulness happen at least twice a day for me.
 I am only 22. Does anyone else have memory issues since becoming depressed or taking medication? I almost feel as though my depression is hindering my intellectual growth and preventing me from continuing to grow and learn.
 TIA!"
"Struggling with depression, not sure about life looking up  Close  5  Posted by    OP is a fag    5 years ago  Archived  Struggling with depression, not sure about life looking up  Im posting here because I feel more comfortable. I'm venting I guess. I hope this post is okay here. I tried to talk about it to the person I trust the most, but they ignored me by texting and acted like it wasn't a big deal.
 I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder and I'm having a down day. More or less, a down 3 months. I havnt had thoughts of suicide in a few weeks, but I want to kill myself again.
 I only have two people in my life. My mom and the guy I'm dating. I have a really hard time trusting people, and I'm not even sure why I'm dating right now. Everybody that's been in my life has left it, and I eventually stopped trusting people and pushed everyone else out. So trying to let him in my life has been insanely difficult. Nearly called it off a few different times for no reason. I'm making myself keep him around and there's a war going on inside of my mind because of it.
 I've had a very difficult/miserable past up until this point and I stopped seeing the point of living. I stop seeing it now. I started therapy and I'm on meds, but it kind of seems pointless. I've had such a miserable life (19 currently) and nothing has ever gotten good or better for me. Im losing hope. They say life gets better, but it hasn't happened yet.
 I've known my entire life to be miserable. I don't know what to do to feel like there's hope. Will I ever be happy? Will life ever get easier? Isn't life supposed to get harder the older you get? Then what's the point in trying.
 I don't know anymore."
Suicidal thoughts most of the day  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Suicidal thoughts most of the day  I have been to a few mental hospitals, and I haven't been rock bottom  like this in almost 2 years. And it hurts. This morning I cried because  my thoughts of suicide make me anxious, they make me excited. They are  overwhelming. I cried yesterday, the day before. I told my best friend  last night in person that I think I wanted to kill myself, And he was  there for me (I'm a male by the way) And It really did help, but I wake  up the next morning feeling worse. Like nothing is worth it, you guys  get it. What should I honestly do? I'm Diagnosed with Major depressive  disorder, But I know in my heart that feeling like I should kill myself  every day, for most of the day, until it brings me to tears. Is not  normal. What so ever.
Symptoms related to Hyperthyroidism, BW has came back completely normal.  Physician Responded  Close  3  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   9 months ago  Archived  Symptoms related to Hyperthyroidism, BW has came back completely normal.  Physician Responded  I was so sure I had hyperthyroidism, even my doctor was sure about it. I had a series of bloodwork done and everything came back normal. Here are the following symptoms that have been bothering me the most for the past couple of months: Fatigue Weight loss Appetite change (some days I’m never hungry some days I can’t stop eating) Heat intolerance (I mainly drink water and no matter how much I drink I feel hot flashes and I sweat a lot) Anxiety (I have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety however I have been better at managing it and it hasn’t been as much of an issue like it has been in the past, my anxiety however has caused me a lot of stress recently) Insomnia (even though I am exhausted throughout the day, I struggle to fall asleep) Some info about me: I am 20 year old female caucasian. I take adderall almost daily for ADHD.  I’m 5’5’ and I weigh 112 lbs as of yesterday. My weight last month was 125. I have a Mirena IUD since 2016. I was really hoping I would test positive for hyperthyroidism so I could actually treat these symptoms. My doctor believes the only other thing it could be caused by is the depression which I can’t treat with medicine as I have tried many different types and none have benefited me. My depression isn’t even as severe as it was a couple years ago.
"Taking my service dog to work  Close  7  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Taking my service dog to work  I finally got the all clear from my trainer, my doctor's note, service dog ID and vest (though not required, nice to have)... I went to my manager and gave her a heads up, let her scan my doctor's note and my dog's ID. She made it seem like this was all for my benefit, saying that she would send it to HR, HR would inform supervisors, etc, so no one would give me any trouble, and ""once I get approval from HR, we'll be good to go."" I know that legally, my dog can go with me wherever as long as she's not causing problems, so she's been going to work with me for the last four days.
 She's perfectly quiet, sleeps under my desk unless I'm having anxiety, and she goes to the bathroom on my breaks. Supervisors don't even know she's there until I get up to go on break.
 But anyway, I got an email with a very intrusive form wanting my physician to give details on my ""physical or mental impairment."" I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalised anxiety, and I have panic attacks (which the dog is trained to recognize and help with).
 I sent a reply saying that I didn't feel comfortable giving my private medical information, and the ADA info card linked here:  https://www.amazon.com/Service-Dog-Cards-Information-anywhere/dp/B006OLNBKU 
 I got a reply back basically saying that my service animal is a special accommodation, and they have the right to understand my disability and what it entails. Once that form is filled out by my doctor, they will determine if I'm a person with a disability.
 But I'm like... My doctor has already deemed it necessary that I have a service animal, so even if I let him fill out this form... Why is my employer in a position to decide if I require a service animal?
 This is part of the email, detailing the process they have in place.
 ""For (work name) to consider any accommodation, the following must occur in this order:
 (Work name) must first understand the nature of the disability and any limitations that may affect your ability to perform the essential job duties of your position. For us to do so, we require documentation from your medical provider regarding the nature of the impairment, its severity, the duration, the activities limited by the impairment(s), and the extent to which the impairment(s) limits the employee’s ability to perform the job’s essential duties/functions. We cannot proceed to step two until step one is completed. 
 Once that documentation is received, (work name) will use that information to determine if you qualify as an “Individual with a Disability” under the ADA and ADAAA. The ADA defines a disability as one of the following: a) a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities, b) an employee having a record of having such impairment (such as an employee who is in recovery from cancer) or c) being regarded as having an impairment.
 If you qualify as an Individual with a Disability, (work name) will then work with you and your medical provider to determine what accommodation, if any, could be granted to enable you to continue to perform the essential functions of your position. Accommodation requests may be granted if they do not present an undue burden to the organization, as defined by the ADA. 
 Once a decision has been made, an employee will be notified in writing whether or not their request for an accommodation is approved or denied. If the accommodation request is approved, it will be effectuated as the earliest date that is administratively feasible. 
 (My name) we are happy to work with you during this process, but respectfully ask that you work with us by following the steps outlined above. Until you do so, we will not be able to consider any accommodation requests.
 So, what exactly are they entitled to? I know that a public establishment like Target or Walmart can't ask about my disability, or for details or proof of training, but is it different for an employer?
 I already feel like they are trying to minimize my disability by bringing up ""people with diabetes, epilepsy, cancer"" so if they deny my service animal access, what do I do?
 Thanks in advancs"
Terrified of nuclear war and don't know how to cope  Close  133  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Terrified of nuclear war and don't know how to cope  I feel pathetic saying this and don't really know if this is the right place for this but I'm just pretty fucking scared and don't know what to do. I live in jersey city and I've been terrified about nuclear war since the election. I know I'm not the only one scared...but I have dreams about it happening since I'm 20 minutes away from new York city (technically across the river but only a 20 minute drive.) I've done some research and some people say if north Korea were to attack us, Seattle is more of a reality to be struck first. A little bit calming thinking I wouldn't be the first to get vaporized. I just moved here away from my family (all from asbury park NJ area.) I'm about an hour and a half away from them (and I don't have a car, since it's easier for me to walk everywhere.) I actually work in Manhattan so if anything were to happen in the city I'd be royally fucked. My biggest heartache about this situation is my pets. I know that’s pretty selfish honestly. I have 2 cats and a small pooch. They're my bffs and if something happened where we have to evacuate I always think "how the fuck am I suppose to protect my dog from Donald trump?" I know this a "sit down and shut the fuck up, you're just being a pussy" post but I lose sleep at night because of this, I find myself being ridiculous but it's just so terrifying. I guess what I'm looking for is some advice maybe? Maybe some facts or just recognition that it's okay to be afraid. I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety so I know my brain takes things to the extreme when it comes to scary situations. Thought I'd add that so my ridiculousness seems a bit more reasonable. So..any thoughts.
That’s exactly what it says. I’m a 24 year old man that hasn’t even kissed a girl yet. You might be wondering “What’s wrong with this guy?”. Let me try to explain. I went throughout high school never once going on a date or having a girlfriend or any of that stuff. I didn’t care about socializing at all. I just wanted to do my school work and always felt that the reward of going to school was getting to go home after it’s over. I regret being a ghost in school. Even worse, I regret not doing anything about any of the girls I had a crush on. I felt so afraid to do tell them how I felt that I did nothing. Now, every time I hear about a person that’s my age going on a successful date, or seeing couples hold hands and kiss in public makes me feel upset and jealous that I don’t know what that feels like. I feel like I’m missing out on an entire part of life that so many people that are my age have already experienced. I spend so much of my time wishing I had girls to talk to, or having a girlfriend that I could just hold in my arms forever and never let go. Every night when I go to bed, I feel empty. I crave female intimacy because I’ve never experienced it, and the longer I go on without it, the more depressed I feel. Maybe I’m just romanticizing the idea of being with a girl too much. Maybe I’ll still feel empty after I finally lose my virginity and realize that losing it won’t be a cure for what I’m feeling and I’ll just feel even worse about myself. But before that happens, I just want to try it. To know what it feels like. To hold a pretty girl in my arms. To kiss her lips. To stroke her hair. To caress her back. To feel the butterflies in my stomach when I finally get that moment in my life. But in my current situation, I feel like that won’t happen anytime soon. Like I said before, I’m 24 years old. I live with my mom (I know it’s not a dealbreaker for girls, but I know that I can be judged for it). I’ve been unemployed for 15 months. I’ve applied to over twenty places and had at least 8 interviews with not a single one of them hiring me. I don’t have a car. I don’t have a driver’s license. I read a post earlier on this subreddit that shows that you don’t have to be successful to get a girlfriend. Then why is it so damn difficult for me?! I’ve gone out several times, gotten probably a good half dozen or more phone numbers and never get replies back. It’s frustrating. It feels as if the universe doesn’t want me to get that moment of intimacy that I desire. How do I make it happen? I try my absolute hardest to be a nice guy. I’m polite to people. I’m respectful to everyone I meet. And when I do actually meet a girl I like that has similar interests to me, we hit it off great. And then she tells me she has a boyfriend and then I feel absolutely gutted. And the worst part is I don’t know if she’s lying or telling the truth. I want to believe it when a girl tells me she’s in a relationship but the 1% cynical part of me says she’s only saying that so she doesn’t have to talk to me anymore. I feel like a wreck. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and have been taking anti depressants for a year now and yet I still feel like a complete wreck because I haven’t been in contact with a girl that likes me as much as I like her. I’m sorry for wasting anyone’s time with this post who thinks I’m a loser for feeling the way I feel but that’s just the way I am. How do I get out of this rut? Does anyone care to help me at all figure out this part of my life?
That's a god-awful title, but oh well. As mentioned in the title, I am 19 years old, and I'm looking for others who also struggle with issues involving mental health. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and social anxiety disorder, and I have been struggling with my mental health since I was around 11 or 12. I'm hoping that I can find someone who I can relate/someone who can relate to me, and hopefully we can share methods/tips on how to better ourselves or overcome our difficulties. I'm also down for talking about things other than mental health and possibly finding genuine friendship. DM me if you're interested. :)
"The Demon that chokes me  Sleep Paralysis  Close  10  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  The Demon that chokes me  Sleep Paralysis  I really don't know if my story belongs here because most of the interactions occur during my sleep. But it's a mixture of experiences from awake and asleep.
 I have been haunted by this one ""demon"" for almost my entire life. You can say that this ""demon"" is not real and is a psychological hallucination but even if that is true, I feel like my story is still interesting and should be told.
 I hated going asleep for the longest time. Bedtime was the scariest thing for me as a kid. I have a very creative mind and I would see very disturbing things. Such as the wires in the closet turned into a small stick man who would climb up my bookcase and jump off the ledge: as if committing suicide. And I would also see a small spider consuming small people. And these small events would happen again and again. Like the stick man who committed suicide kept coming back alive and jumping. It was like a video on constant replay. And it didn't matter how many times I blinked, it was still there.
 I also had horrendous nightmares ever since I was young. One nightmares that I remembered quite vividly I named demon dog. In the dream, I was playing with my cats at night in my backyard. I had a small hot-air balloon attached to a string and I put my cats in the air balloon so they could enjoy a ride. The dream was fun and adventurous until I heard howling and barking from the distance. My cats ran away and I ran into my house. While running into the hallway of my house giant pink Skelton dog jumped over me then while landing the creature turned into a more demonic human form and laughed while running throughout my house. I woke up terrified and saw the creature staring down at me. It disappeared in a second. But I felt like something was peaking from the doorway. This wasn't my first demonic nightmare and as a kid, I was becoming fed up (but still quite scared) of continuously waking up from these repeated nightmares. So I got up and looked around my house. There was nothing. I was shaking and I went to find my cat to comfort me.
 My imagination became a lot darker when I came to high school. I would get stuck in sleep paralysis very often. And the things I heard and saw was horrifying. I mostly heard voices. Once when I was stuck in paralysis, I heard the radio turn on. It was a very stereotypical male radio man voice, he sounded like that 1950's accent. And the man was saying ""10 reasons why you should kill yourself."" I was so panicked by the fact I couldn't move I really didn't know what he was saying. All I knew if was telling me to kill myself.
 Another night, I read the Quran before I went to bed (pretty much the bible for Muslims). I immediately got stuck into paralysis, and an angry demonic voice came right next to my ear screaming and screeching demanding an answer to ""WHY DID YOU READ THE QURAN?"" The scariest part of sleep paralysis is that you are somewhat in reality. I heard my father talking on the phone in the background and I was trying to scream for help for him to wake me up. But it felt like there was 300lbs on my chest. I was stuck with this demon destroying my eardrums.
 This demonic presence never let me sleep. For almost 2 months I was never able to get a full nights sleep. Every time I was half asleep something would pinch me and squeeze me. It scared the shit out of me. But I just told myself it was just a noise that startled me and it was just in my mind. But every night that I felt something touch me, a nightmare would occur as well. Most of the nightmares occurred as me in my bedroom laying in bed and an invisible set of hands would start choking me. In the dream, I would scream religious terms to try and scare of demon but the words would never come out.
 In one of my dreams, I was possessed. I was in my bed in the dream as usual. And my body began to move in such unnatural ways. I was being forced to walk to the bathroom. When I turned on the lights in the bathroom and looked into the mirror, I saw my eyes were pitch black and I said ""My name is Sasha"" And I woke up terrified at what I had just witnessed in this nightmare.
  
 The normal nightmares of me being choked in bed happened again and again. Until my dad got fed up of me screaming myself awake every night. He went to a man who was seen as very highly educated when it comes to religion. He told my father that there was something living in the vents right next to my room. When my father told me this, my heart sunk. Because whenever I would pray or read Quran, or do anything I knew the demon wouldn't like or even just sit alone; I felt like I was being watched from that doorway where the vent was. I was ordered to recite a prayer there aloud right next to the vent. While reading, I felt scared and I smelt a strange unpleasant smell. But after reading it that night, I felt like I was still being watched but whatever was watching me could not come into my room. The next few nights I had no fear at all and the nightmares went away.
 I've told countless psychologist about my experiences. I've never been diagnosed with schizophrenia but I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder.
 I am a spiritual person and I do believe there was a demon haunting me for most of my life. I was a very religious person who sought to do moral things in the world; however, I was also very vulnerable. I lost my mother, I got bullied a lot in school, my family life was toxic, and I was figuring out that I was gay. All of this made life difficult. And I felt like the demonic spirit was hoping I would take my life. I did attempt suicide a few times. Thankfully nothing serious happened and I'm doing a lot better with my mental health.
 I still do have nightmares. But they are completely different. They aren't demonic; they just express the anxieties I have in my life. So I do feel like something serious changed after I read that prayer by the vent. But who knows."
"Their own brainwashing makes them nearly blind to apostasy  JW Behavior  Close  38  Posted by    The Devil in the Details    1 year ago  Archived  Their own brainwashing makes them nearly blind to apostasy  JW Behavior  As a partially faded PIMO, I sometimes get paranoid that people know what I think of this fucking cult.  After all, I stopped commenting, I'm inactive, I have nothing but the most superficial dealings with people in my congregation. The only reason they EVER see me is my PIMI wife.
 I've realized -- they've been brainwashed into thinking that it's so self-evident that their beliefs are true, that they never try to judge people as apostates until someone starts directly spreading TTATT.
 Maybe I am ""Spiritually weak,"" or I've been ""stumbled."" Maybe i've become ""materialistic,"" or perhaps it's even laziness. I've been diagnosed with major depression, maybe it's a mental disorder. (They get the causal factors reversed -- instead of the truth that the cult has caused my depression, they think maybe my depression has caused me to withdraw from their cult.)
 It's unthinkable to them that a former ministerial servant and pioneer has somehow come to the conclusion that ""The Truth"" isn't truthful. To admit that to themselves would  be to admit that their beliefs aren't as convincing as they'd like to believe."
"Therapist and Psychiatrist insist I was sexually abused as a child but I have no memories at all  Close  8  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Therapist and Psychiatrist insist I was sexually abused as a child but I have no memories at all  Over the past twenty five years I have seen three psychiatrists and two psychologists (lcsws). They have all pretty much suggested or outright stated the same thing, that I suffered an intense trauma sometime when I was around six years old, that it was most likely sexual abuse, and it was most likely at the hands of my father.
 I have been diagnosed with major depression, PTSD (with extreme, severe generalized anxiety), and other specified dissociative disorder, the major symptom of which is dissociative trance triggered by stress — if it’s bad enough I become something that resembles catatonia that lasts anywhere from fifteen minutes to an hour or more.
 I do have multiple memories of either experiencing directly or witnessing my father pushing the boundaries of what would be considered sexual behavior (with me, my older sister, and my younger brother), but I do not remember him ever actually touching me inappropriately or having me touch him or seeing him crossing the line with any of my siblings.
 When I was fourteen my father sat down next to me on the couch and placed his hand on my upper thigh. He didn’t move it. It just rested there heavily like a giant paw. Every cell in my body was panicking. I wanted to get up and move as far away from him as possible; I felt totally nauseous, but I tensed up and completely froze. I don’t remember how long it lasted or how it ended, but I do know that other than hugs hello that was the last time he ever touched me.
 I cut off contact with him two years ago because I had a “body memory” of sorts that made me believe the abuse actually happened. After a couple of months, that belief faded and I was back to questioning whether I was abused, but my father was a narcissistic ass, so I didn’t reestablish contact. Last year he died suddenly of a heart attack. I went to the funeral to support my stepmother (whom I love) and my siblings, but I was totally indifferent to his death. I didn’t shed a single tear and have yet to feel a single pang of grief at all.
 My psychiatrist and my therapist are constantly referring to my childhood sexual abuse (at the hands of my father) as if it were a fact, but I am not onboard with it because I have literally zero memories of ever having been abused. All I have are symptoms (admittedly many) — the source/s of which could have any number of alternative explanations.
 I am doing parts work with my therapist. She is an LCSW whose practice is trauma-focused and she is certified level three is sensorimotor psychotherapy (Pat Ogden’s school). Her main theoretical construct (for parts therapy) is that of Janina Fisher.
 My psychiatrist has me on the best medication regimen that I have ever been on (my depression for the first time in thirty years is basically completely controlled) and I admit I have been making progress in the parts therapy with my therapist (I spent 75% of our early sessions dissociated to the point where I couldn’t talk and now I’m about 30% present and verbal)
 The reason I am posting all of this, and I suppose the question that I have is, does anyone else have zero memories of being sexually abused, but have that as the main “event” (of sorts) underpinning your therapeutic approach? And if so, do you believe it? To be perfectly honest I often feel like I am being brainwashed into believing that I was sexually abused and i find it very confusing and very frustrating, and I often get combative (argumentatively).
 For those of you with no memories, just fragmented suggestive memories, and vague feelings, how do you approach the idea that you were sexually abused? Have any of you found and worked on alternative explanations for your disorders and symptoms that have been therapeutically helpful?
 Sorry for the length and any formatting issues (I am on mobile)."
"Therapy Session is the ultimate representation of Nate as an artist  Discussion  Close  41  Posted by  1 month ago  Therapy Session is the ultimate representation of Nate as an artist  Discussion  Therapy session was the first NF song I actually listened to. I had never heard of this guy. Ever. I found him right after The Search dropped, and I happened along Therapy Session through YouTube recommended.
 I (14M) have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and am now on heavy medication; I tried to kill myself back in November 2019 and was hospitalized for about a month. Now, thankfully, through a mixture of increased medication and a new doggo :), it's a lot better now. But hearing that opening verse of Therapy Session, which was before all that, fucking rocked me. That described me. I was exactly the person described in those opening lines. Obviously now I'm obsessed with NF and all that but back then, when that was the first song I listened to, that shit actually made me do a double take. That music video too. The raw power in his voice and the lyrics themselves are unbelievable.
 It felt like he understood me in a way that nobody else has or will. NF is the realest fucking artist of all time and that will never change. I won't say that his music ""saved me"" or ""cured my depression"" because I hate it when people say that. If a rapper cured your depression, you didn't have depression. But NF came the closest I have ever seen."
"Thinking of joining the military  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Thinking of joining the military  I'm not looking for any combat roles, I just wanna be a linguist.
 I've always thought of the military as a last resort if I can't get into a college I liked or can't afford to go.
 I love languages, so any college with a linguistics department would be great for me. If the college had a boxing and badminton club, then it would be perfect.
 But there aren't many places with a linguistics department, let alone a French course. The only one I could find seems to want really good students, like above a 4.0 GPA. I could try for a seal of biliteracy next year, since I missed out on it this year.
 I've been diagnosed with major depression with psychotic symptoms. I don't really have many hallucinations, just really prevalent delusions. I think people are reading my mind and the universe is looking out for me. I also don't wanna kill myself nor have I tried.
 I don't even know if I can get into the Air Force. If I can't even do that, then what the fuck am I supposed to do?
 Am I spoiled for wanting a very specific college or wanting someone else to pay for it? I only want to do what I want to do for the rest of my life. I know I can't do that, but can I at least study something that I like and get a job for it?"
This is my first time posting on reddit although I’ve been an active reader for years. I have been diagnosed with clinical depression for my entire life. Life has been a struggle. Today feels like the lowest I have been. I have no motivation to finish school. My relationship is in shambles. I feel useless. My life is going nowhere. I’ve lost all of my friends due to depression. I have no one to talk to. I’m broke with money and my soul. I Hope i’m not alone.
"This is real. It’s something that I, and very few other people, experience but don’t understand. It feels like two wires connecting and producing electricity. You feel a buzz, and see white, but only for a split second.  It usually only happens when experiencing phenomenons like dejavu, or having very intense emotions that make you feel “in the moment” . See, I’m one of the very few people that have experienced brain zaps since I was a child. A lot of resources online only report people that have brain zaps after coming off of drugs like SSRI’s. There has to be a correlation. My one friend, who also has had brain zaps since childhood, says that she thinks it’s a “glitch”. Someone please figure out what’s going on. Neurologists, anyone.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, which is why I posted in this sub. Please let me know if you think I should post it in another.
 TLDR: have you ever experienced this feeling of electricity in your brain? for how long? what triggers it?"
"Timeline for Escitalopram (Lexapro) to start working?  Close  3  Posted by  6 months ago  Archived  Timeline for Escitalopram (Lexapro) to start working?  On September 4, I switched from 25 milligrams of Sertraline (Zoloft) to 10 mg of escitalopram (Lexapro.) I was severely depressed and barely functioning due to loss and grief and the Sertraline wasn't cutting it anymore. I also take 200 mg of  bupropion (Wellbutrin), and that has been at a steady dose for 6 months now. (I had a traumatizing loss earlier this year, but I have been on anti-depressants since late 2016, and depressed from long before that. So this isn't situational depression. I've been diagnosed with major depressive order and then the situation this year just made it more difficult to manage.)
 I started feeling better within the first month of switching to escitalopram, but after that I started feeling worse, and I thought that maybe the dose was too low and I was going to need to up it. However, for the last 2 or 3 days, I have experienced a sudden burst of energy, motivation, and hopefulness that I haven't felt in a long time. It's been 6 wks + 5 days now that I've been on the dose of escitalopram. I'm wondering if it has just finally kicked in fully?
 I'd love to hear your thoughts and experiences on taking escitalopram or switching to it from another SSRI. Thanks in advance!"
"Tinnitus has ruined my life. Suicidal thoughts.  Close  55  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Tinnitus has ruined my life. Suicidal thoughts.  First of all, sorry for my english, it's not my native language.
 I‘m 25 years, and 17 days ago Tinnitus come to my life. It is being completely unbearable. I have a very high pitched siren right inside my head, 24/7. It doesn't stops. More or less it sounds like 11.000Hz. I can hear it on the street, in the car, in the office...
 I can't enjoy life anymore, can't enjoy silence, can't enjoy been relaxed in my bed, can't enjoy music, can't enjoy anything.
 I want my old life, I don't want to get used to Tinnitus, I just want my old life. My old self. I'm not prepared to simple ""Accept it and move on"". I want Tinnitus to go away and completely dissapaer. I want silence again.
 I'm young, I have read that Tinnitus especially affects people over 45 years, I don't understand why this has happened to me. I'm really sorry if I sound presumptuous or selfish. I'm just very depressed and in panic.
 It should also be mentioned that I have been diagnosed with major depression five years ago, and I have taken several different antidepressants. Right now I am on Brintellix, but I'm going to leave it because I'm afraid it's accentuating the buzzing.
 Anyway, I'm pretty sure that this has been caused by listening to loud music in the car. So stupid I was, I had no idea what I was doing."
"Tips for improving my attitude?  Close  15  Posted by    Barista    3 years ago  Archived  Tips for improving my attitude?  My hours have been dropping (next week I only have 8.5) and I've been really stressed about it lately. Frankly,  some days at work I'm in an awful mood because I don't feel valued, wanted, nor appreciated.  Also, I mostly close and that can be really stressful. If a task isn't done and it carries over into my shift, I will complain about it because I believe there needs to be accountability.
 I talked to my SM yesterday about hours and she said that the feedback she's getting is that I have a negative attitude, complain a lot, and sometimes don't do what I'm told. She also told me there was a customer complaint naming me, stating that I was ""speaking abruptly"".
 Unfortunately, I've been diagnosed with major depression and am in therapy to address several mental health issues (including anger).  No one at works knows this, though, and I'd like to keep it secret due to the stigmas.
 I feel like I am fairly helpful and nice to customers, but I'm told I'm making my fellow partners uncomfortable. I hate that I'm doing this without fully realizing it.
 I feel like if I can improve my attitude then my hours will go up, or at least I won't be fired.  Does anyone have any tips to improve my attitude at work? When I go in on Black Friday, I'm going to try to not complain and not be so negative. Does forcing yourself to smile work for anyone?"
"TLDR; I feel like my parents have always had high academic expectations for me that I feel like I'm never able to live up to it. I'm a compulsive liar so they think that everything as far as school goes is fine. I am diagnosed with Clinical depression and ADD. They dont seem to understand that I am quietly falling apart and I don't want to tell them.
 Last semester I had to drop out of one of my classes, and they still don't know (thank god) and this semester with online school it's been even harder for me to focus. I'm not going to be able to pass one of my classes so I am going to have to retake it. I dont know if I'm eligible for summer Pell Grant because I didn't file for 2020 FAFSA before February.
 I just now finally got my doctor to help me move forward with my ADD treatment, but the end of the semester is already here.
 I don't know what to do or say, my sleep schedule is fucked, and I already know that they are going to be disappointed in me.
 What do I do?"
To be honest i really dont know where to start. As far back as i can remember...something has been wrong with me...i was diagnosed with Major Depressive disorder and i just found out recently i have Boderline Personality Disorder...Im currently taking Lexapro and Seroquel...but i think i need to be on a higher dose...the other night i tried to take my life...i took a couple of my pills...i just wanted to be gone off the face earth...My aunt called the police and the paramedics came and it was just a lot of drama...and i stayed in the hospital for like 10 hours and they released me because i was no longer a threat to myself...but i need help im tired of feeling empty and my friends and family have no idea how i feel no matter how much i tell them...i need help because its not getting any better and im scared i might hurt someone...what should i do???
To those that have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder or those who have friends/family who were diagnosed how did you or those you know get through it and cope?  Close  1  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  To those that have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder or those who have friends/family who were diagnosed how did you or those you know get through it and cope?  12 comments  share  save  hide  report  66% Upvoted  This thread is archived  New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast  Sort by   best  level 1   5 points   ·    11 months ago  Treatment, therapy, social support, and self-care
"Today I experienced the stigma of having Borderline Personality Disorder.  Close  1  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Today I experienced the stigma of having Borderline Personality Disorder.  I really want to get this off my chest. Im 22 and am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, panic disorder, and borderline personality disorder. For those of you who don't know, borderline personality disorder is a severe and persistent illness that can ruin lives. There is a huge stigma around it, and most people do not have an accurate understanding about the disorder.
 I had a great therapist and psychiatrist for 4 years while at college. However, I graduated last year and am not able to see them anymore. Ever since I graduated, I've been having a tough time finding a psychiatrist and psychologist because I was so used to the style of the previous ones I had.
 I finally made an appointment with a psychiatrist yesterday. Initially, I only talked about my panic attacks (which is why I was seeking to be put back on medication). The conversation went really well and we discussed medications that I have been on in the past that might help me again. I also stated that I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. After I said that, the conversation went completely south. He immediately told me that his office is not an appropriate setting for me (despite the fact that I have done very well with outpatient psychiatry for my whole life). He wished me luck, and sent me on my way.
 I was very distressed and after the apointment I went to a crisis center. They told me that they would be able to help me and that my diagnosis of borderline would not affect my access to treatment. I am so glad that I found someone who would be willing to at least give me a chance. Borderline personality is misunderstood. In fact, I am probably going to do an AMA about it. There is too much misinformation, and I'm sick of it."
today i was finally diagnosed with major depressive disorder. i honestly can not recall a time since i was a child where i was truly happy. i was prescribed the generic form of zoloft three weeks ago, haven't taken it because i am terrified of the side effects and possible allergies. anyone have any experience with it? i have been suicidal on and off for 3 months.
"today i wrote my suicide note  Conflicted  Close  6  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  today i wrote my suicide note  Conflicted  [Conflicted]
 This is a throw away, for obvious reasons.
 So yeah, today I wrote a suicide note. I've been having a rough time, and it seemed natural. I intended for my girlfriend to find it (preferably) after I'd stood on some railroad tracks or something. I'll admit that I'm not sure whether or not I'm going through with it, and that half the reason I did it was just to see how I would feel once it was done. In short, I felt nothing. I feel nothing.
 I had a rocky and abusive childhood, like lots of people. The part that's been so hard on me is that I've blocked out most of it (I think?). I don't remember a lot of stuff, and so I feel that I'm overreacting whenever I have some downswing or when some idle comment sets me off into one of my crazy spells where all I want to do is hide and hurt myself (which I then do, if I can get the privacy).
 What I remember is vague, and leaves reasonable doubt. I feel like it's true, and it definitely  feels  like it's true, but it's just vague enough that I'm half convinced I'm making it up for the attention. I don't know what happened, and I never will. I think it was about two years ago that I remembered waking up as a child and knowing in my little kid heart that I'd been raped. I remember being thrown to the ground in my front yard because my step dad wanted to practice his police moves on someone. I remember being threatened with pepper spray on one occasion, and hiding behind a couch in the basement. I was chased with a knife, and I hid and was so sure I'd left someone to die.
 There are lots of little events that I can recall, and they drive me fucking crazy, because they're just vague enough that I'm almost sure I'm blowing it out of proportion, and that there's no reason for me to be this fucked up over it. No one is gonna remember stuff crystal clear, obviously, so some things are excusable. That would be fine, if this hadn't been something I was aware of even back when I was a kid, less than a year removed from some of these events.
 This is obviously hard to bring up to my girlfriend. I mentioned above that small things set me off (I'm reluctant to use the word 'trigger', but that's essentially what I'm getting at), and it's usually little one-off comments that really aren't anybody's fault. It affects me in pretty dramatic ways, and it'd be nice to have someone who knows  why  who can steer conversations away from that sort of thing.
 I want to tell my girlfriend because of that, but the fact is that I can't be positive of anything. My memory of that time is all kinds of fucked up, to the point where I don't know if that's even true. I could be making all that up, for all I know. She's not a therapist, and I'm afraid she's not equipped to handle something this heavy. I'm afraid in general, and I don't even know what I would say.
 So I wrote a suicide note, and I said it in there. It's the first time I've ever so much as written down these facts: this is the second. I've never spoken this out loud to anyone. I don't know what I'm doing, or what I hope to achieve, but it's nice to put it in the world, I guess.
 For the record, I'm diagnosed with major depression (and anxiety, but who isn't), and a professional recommended that I be checked out for PTSD at one point (I never was, because I was like, twelve). I'm 21, gay, and I've been with my girlfriend for 3 years.
 The thought of putting this burden on her breaks my heart, but  I'm breaking in the effort to bottle it up. The note was all I could think to do. Death is inviting.
 This is so super long, sorry guys."
Today's my cake day and I'm finally feeling better  Close  6  Posted by  2 months ago  Today's my cake day and I'm finally feeling better  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for almost 2 years. I've been on prozac for almost a year and finally I'm starting to feel better. I'm getting back slowly but surely. thanks to all who helped me through my episodes. love y'all <3
Tomorrow will be a fresh start, another day to keep trying. Tomorrow there’s always a possibility of sunshine. Just keep trying. I try to tell myself this every day. Most of the time while crying so much it physically hurts. It seemed to come out of nowhere, like an invisible raging storm. It’s so hard to understand how my own mind can tear me down to shreds. It’s a never ending vicious cycle, the overwhelming sadness, emptiness, numbness, feeling trapped in your own mind that won’t slow down enough for you to keep up. How every small essential task you used to take for granted now feels exhausting to complete. An endless marathon of thoughts and feelings. The dark thoughts that seem so strong and real. You know for a fact most of it isn’t true and it won’t solve the problem but that doesn’t matter. Whatever you got to do to get out of this horrible pain. You’re feeling like you’re losing control of your mind. The feeling of being forcedly sucked into this black abyss of darkness, emptiness. The loss of control. Then the shame and guilt kick in. You hate yourself for not being able to control your mind, questioning what’s wrong with you, why can’t you get a grip? Why is this happening to me? I don’t have an awful life. I have no reason to feel this way. Why me?! The vicious cycle seems like it will never stop. A pain no one can see. I smile at everyone with such emptiness. I try to keep my life moving on like everything is fine. Every day is harder and harder. By the time it’s late afternoon I just want to sleep. I’m exhausted from my mind going a million miles a min and forcing myself to act “normal”. Does anyone know what really is normal? I’ve come to realize it is reality and facing it. It’s not what everyone sees online or social media, it’s not the smiling perfect faces and the family that has it all together. It is the people with faults and raw emotions growing in love. I’m slowly learning that depression and anxiety do not care who you are or what your life situation is. I have no reason to be ashamed. I didn’t lose my faith like some would say. This is actually happening to me. This isn’t just a down blue day. This isn’t something you can snap or talk yourself out of. I didn’t choose to be this way. This is real. So far I’ve been diagnosed with major depression, anxiety, OCD, PTSD and some other underlying causes. It’s going to be a long process but this is me. I’m not ashamed anymore about being on medication and talking to a therapist once a week. It feels amazing and liberating. Mental illness has a million faces and mine is one of them. I honestly don’t care anymore who knows and doesn’t. This is me! I got help thankfully in time. I didn’t want to be another statistic. It’s nice to know you aren’t alone but what is even sadder is how many people go through life without getting treatment. I’m sick of the stigma that comes from this. Just because I “don’t appear” to have issues doesn’t mean my feelings are invalid. I’m learning this is part of who I am now as I continue to grow in life. I’m going to embrace it and learn to cope. I don’t care anymore if people will judge me. It makes me sad for them and happy that I finally found the small flicker of light to guide me out of this darkness. My family has been my rock. As much as they experienced the external effects of my illness, they’ve supported me every step of the way. I would never wish this on anyone. You can and will be proud of yourself. Be mindful and live in the moment. Every day is a small step and a battle waiting to be won. It’s okay to have setbacks. Please get help and talk to someone if you feel this way. Don’t ignore it, thinking it will go away on its own. There is no reason to be ashamed. You didn’t chose to be this way but you can embrace it and grow from it. Every new day is a fresh start. Don’t give up.
"Tonight I came very close to hanging myself  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Tonight I came very close to hanging myself  I'm 32 and I've been suicidal since I was 6. Tonight for the first time I thought ""I guess tonight is going to be my last night."" I got drunk and kept egging myself on to do it. I tied a cord around my neck and looped it over something before having second thoughts. I only stopped because I thought about my wife finding me like that. Now I'm thinking about how much I would have hurt her and my family if I'd followed through.
 I'm in so much debt, and I just found out I ruined my chances at the only job that's called in months because I didn't check my voicemail. I've been diagnosed with major depression, GAD, and PTSD. I think I have BPD and anyway it's just so exhausting to cope. I'm unemployed so I can't afford therapy and I have no one to talk to besides my wife, and she worries about me without even knowing how bad things are (I'm not going to tell her about tonight). I'll pull through tonight but I'm so sick of dealing with this. I think I just needed to go through the motions because I don't know how to cope anymore. I want to think that the sun will come up for me tomorrow, but I can't stop feeling miserable right now. I have nothing left to live for except not wanting to hurt people around me. I didn't think my life could get any worse but it did."
"Tonight is the night. I love you all.  Close  3  Posted by    5 months ago  Tonight is the night. I love you all.  To anyone who it may concern,
 I was born XXXXXXX. I am 15 years, X months, and X days old. Today is the 24th of November and if I am successful, today is the day I take my own life.
 Throughout my life I have come up with nothing but disappointments, both to myself and those around me. I can never live up to the potential I once seemed to hold. All of my talents, all of my abilities, all of my intelligence - all of it has faded away. I see what potential I had and how I ruined it, and it makes me despise myself. Depression has ruined my life, and if I had chosen to continue living, it would only continue to ruin my life. No matter how hard I try, it seems there is no salvation for me. I’ve tried so hard. I know it doesn’t seem like it, but I really did try my hardest. I’m just not able to succeed like I used to.
 I have been depressed since I was a very young child. I have wanted to die since I was 10. I first tried to take my own life at 13 via partial suspension hanging. Two more times I attempted using this method, and two more times I found no success. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, Unspecified Anxiety Disorder, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and Gender Dysphoria. None of these will ever leave me, they will always be a part of my life. I do not bear the strength to continue on with these burdens weighing me down, and it’s unfair that I allow myself to weigh down others. I’ve lost all intelligence. I’m socially inept. My talent, athletic and artistic, has faded away entirely. My mental illness causes me to be amongst the most hated of the hated minorities in the world. Why should I continue living if I will only find hate? What’s the point if I hate myself, just like those around me? The worst part is, people would still hate me even if I wasn’t transgender. I even hate saying the word. It won’t go away.
 I like to believe and hope my beliefs are true when I say that my parents, after the divorce, tried their hardest. I cannot say the same for the times pre-divorce. Still, Mom, Dad, I love you both very much. You tried your best, and I’m sorry for disappointing you. You say I don’t, but I know you must be. No parent wouldn’t be. The thing is, no matter how hard outsiders try, there is nobody that can fix me. I don’t even think I can fix me. My closest friends have been the light of my last few years. XXX, XXX, XXX - I love all three of them dearly, as if they were my own brothers. I never said that to them myself, which I do regret, but I hope they know how much I cared for them. I only hope that they felt the same way towards me. The same goes for my sister, XXXXX. I know we weren’t as close as some siblings may be, but I loved her very dearly and missed her every day. I seldom reached out to her - a decision I regret very much - because of how awful I constantly felt. It’s no excuse. I’m sorry.
 I found myself crying as I wrote out this letter not because I want to live, but because I realized just how thankful I was for all those who were close to me. I sincerely hope that I find peace in my decision. I’m sorry for leaving you this way, and I’m sorry for not speaking up again. I didn’t want to disappoint you more. I didn’t want to seem weak.
 Thank you for all that you have provided me. I’m sorry. I love you."
"Trouble Eating/Appetite?  Close  2  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Trouble Eating/Appetite?  Since I found out about the seperation  and what seems to be an impending divorce (last thursday), I have lost a lot of my appetite, and just generally havent ate alot. I typically eat well, and do have been diagnosed with major depression in the past, but I have never had issues with eating or appetite. Did anyone else experience this? If this something thats caused by the depression?
 And before anyone asks, yes I tried smoking some pot, and it just made me thirsty ;)"
Trying to go clean/urges ramping up  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Trying to go clean/urges ramping up  I’m a female in highschool, ive been self harming on and off for 3 years and have been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. For around a month or two I’ve been cutting every single day. Recently though, my urges have been ramping up so bad I’ll cut in the morning, maybe afternoon, and night. I’ve even had such bad urges I did it with scissors in class during a lecture when the lights were off, it was risky but made me feel 100x better but I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT! I made a promise to my boyfriend that I would try to go clean for him, but it’s been so difficult. It’s become something I have to do to get through everyday. I’ve recently attempted as well and idk what I would do without a way to release my emotions, but seeing him distraught like that makes me want to stop. I think I’ll have one last hurrah on my thighs and try to get clean, or at least controlled. I want to be able to wear clothes in summer without having bright red scars. I’m def going to have many scars but I just don’t want recent ones visible.
"Trying to stop from slipping backwards but I am a failure  Close  0  Posted by   80lbs lost   1 year ago  Archived  Trying to stop from slipping backwards but I am a failure  Trying to keep this short. CW: 220 lbs and probably still climbing. 34 F 5’11”. SW: 279 lbs. LW: 185 lbs.
  
 I’ve really been having trouble lately and am reaching out to good  r/loseit  to try and figure out what to do. For some context my life looks pretty good right now. Good job, bought a house last year, things should be fine. It is not fine because I get really depressed and anxious. I treat myself poorly by staying inside all the time, no walks or jogs which is good for mental and physical health. Then I eat too much while sitting around. Even when I know it is a problem I feel nothing but apathetic towards myself and in the moment I could not care less. It is really frustrating to go back and forth between putting in effort and caring then being a nothing blob on the couch living no life.
  
 Months ago I started a minimal antidepressant, then escalated to therapy. I have had a really poor experience with the Psychologist. She does not acknowledge my concerns of my mental health affecting my physical health at all. It seems like she saw I have been diagnosed with major depression and general anxiety disorder in the past and just pulled out the dummies guide to MD and GAD. Putting in no effort for me. Early on I tried (probably poorly) but she stopped me from talking and told me she knew what she was doing. In the moment it was too much for me to call her out on how I wanted a more thorough treatment.
  
 The first thing people always say is go seek out mental health professionals. It does so much good. I have not experienced that. Over the years I have been seeing different Psychologists since I was 6 and no one actually cares or does a damn thing. I’ll probably contact my primary doctor again to let him know I do not want to see that Psychologist again. That still leaves me in a stupid state. Same lifelong problems of ruminating with negative thoughts and being an idiot who makes my own problems and I do not know how to not be an idiot to myself. I guess this is the yo-yo back and forth of being in good head space, then get success with different goals in life, then because I am doing well my brain hates me and all I think are negative things and negative thoughts generate negative feelings and life experiences. I try to keep myself distracted with hobbies. I am social every other week with friends. I do well in my job, working with genuinely nice people, in a good career. I know weighing food, counting calories, MFP, and I know it works. I am really having trouble lately. I don’t know how to reach out for more resources to help me not stupid fuck up my life more than I have."
"TW: Cancer, death, gaslighting?, suicidal thoughts.
 Advice ok, but not entirely required. Indifferent at this point.
 Hopefully I flaired my post correctly, but I have a bit of a complicated situation
 A bit of a background, my grandparents adopted me and raised me, both of them passed away in 2016 when I was 17 (grandma from cancer, my grandpa from cancer and dementia), the only family I had left was my mother. I knew she wasn't the best person, but my grandma was always the one who got the brunt of the BS.  I got in a relationship with another biological woman (my mom doesn't know I am trans, I never came out to her, but she knows I am bi, she was cool with it until I got with my s/o, more on that later)
 My mom slowly went off the deep end on me for about a year and half, it honestly was a nightmare. I was trying to take care of things as far as my grandparents will as I was the sole person the left everything to, and dealing with the properties, and funerals, and all that fun stuff (I did have help, but regardless). I had no time to grieve, I just needed to handle the situation. On top of my mom constantly on my case, and starting arguments with me for the littlest of things. She'd always make it about my s/o ""She's changing you! You aren't the same! She's twisting your mind! Shes turning you against me! Don't you love me? You don't care about me! You couldn't care less if I lived or died!""
 Honestly, it got so much worse. It's really hard to even cover everything she said to me, but to top it all off, it got to the point, she started to threaten the lives of my s/o and her family, who was living with me, and they still are. And... That kinda.. Was enough. I tried to reason, I tried to fix our relationship which she slowly was pulling apart, but nothing worked. I started giving up, and I felt so helpless, and overwhelmed by everything that was going on and my mom's verbal abuse (she did more than just argue, she was also insulting me, trying to force me to break up with my girlfriend, get with a boy, telling me I was a disappointment, my grandma is rolling in her grave at what I've become, you name it, she likely said it)
 As a result, I had suicidal thoughts for the first time in nearly 6 years (and yes, before anyone asks, I am fine, and yes, I am diagnosed with clinical depression, since a very very young age). Luckily, my girlfriend was there and stopped me. I went to my therapist and spoke with him and he told me, with people like her, you have to be up front and blunt, so I had a conversation with her, and she ""apologized' (Not the first time, she had this cycle of ""I'm sorry! I love you! I support you no matter what!"" and then turning around ""screw you! I hate you!"", rinse and repeat), so I called her out, told her I was not ok with this anymore, that I wanted her to change, but I know there's no way that will ever happen after all the chances I gave her, what she did to me, how she made me feel, what she almost caused me to do.  I was so tired. After that I went no contact with her, blocked her on everything. I still received the voicemails, listened to all of them (switching between I love you and I hate you, don't come crawling back to me if you need help... Like... ok.?)
 It honestly remained this way until I got a call about a month ago, my mother has apparently been moved around hospitals and rehab facilities since June. To this day, I don't know whats wrong with her. She's lost A LOT of weight,  she has basically the mental capacity of an 8 year old, hallucinating, paranoid, violent (more so than usual that is), and just... Not ok.
 I also found out, her condo, which I own, had not been lived in for 3 months. So I went there with someone, and it was... Really. Really bad. Like. Awful, no one should live like that. Not even her.
 My s/o, myself and a friend went over there and cleaned up a bit. Currently, I don't know if she will be able to go back home, she really cant walk right now. And I have to become the payee for her SSI checks from social security, they are what pays the rent for the condo, and that's what pays for the insurance on my home, the hoa for both my home and the condo, and the property taxes for both properties... Without that I risk being homeless.
  
 That's essentially, the background and the current situation.
 I have until the 15th to become her payee otherwise, no November check for my mom. More work needs to be done on the condo, but Im in no rush.
 I'm not sure if I've made the right choice, I don't think this is another elaborate lie my mom seemed to enjoy back then.
 Thoughts?"
Two years of progress down the drain  Serious  Close  10  Posted by  1 month ago  Two years of progress down the drain  Serious  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety since I was eleven. For 3 years, up until freshman year, I was in and out of hospitals. For the past 2 years, I made a lot of progress to cope with my trauma and mental problems. Sadly, over the past few months, I've back slid exponentially. I was hospitalized again a couple weeks ago and only recently got out, and just a few minutes ago I did the unthinkable. I self harmed... I hate feeling so numb, and now I'm so disappointed in myself to the point where I don't even see a reason anymore. I don't think I'm going to go through with it, but I have been thinking about it... I'm so alone...
"Unrestricted SARC report  Close  42  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Unrestricted SARC report  I was recently sexually assaulted during a deployment, and have been having a hard time with deciding on whether to report it or not. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder as well as PTSD because of the situations that have happened. I have also been hospitalized due to having a plan to end my life. Also curious about restricted vs unrestricted. I know the gist of both, but if anyone could shed some more light it would be very appreciated.
 My biggest concern is getting in trouble for reporting, or possibly ruining someone's life/career because I misinterpreted what happened.
 What goes on during and investigation with OSI? Who all is notified? What happens to the victim during all of this?
 Thank you in advance.
 Edit: thank you all for the helpful replies, it truly does help me with making this decision. For those who keep suggesting I use my resources; I am currently seeing MH and it has helped a lot. I just wanted to reach out, and get as much information as I could before getting the SARC involved. I also work in the clinic, so I feel it's much more difficult for me to ask for help seeing as I see these people (my providers) everyday.
 Edit 2: I really appreciate the help, and information you all have provided. I made an unrestricted report, and hope the things will work out for me."
"Unsure about my [f20] relationship with my partner [m21] of three years  Relationships  Close  7  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Unsure about my [f20] relationship with my partner [m21] of three years  Relationships  Hello, English is not my native language, but I hope this text makes sense.
 I am not entirely sure where to start this. I am missing something. If I look at my relationship with my partner in general, I'd say it is a good one. More like, if it's good it is very good and if it's bad, it feels really bad.
 I've been diagnosed with major depression and generalised anxiety and I've been in therapy for a year now. I'm getting better, but it feels like my partner sometimes just drags me down. We've talked about it a hundred times, but we never really do stuff together that's exciting. We sometimes go out to eat something or watch a movie at the cinema, that's it. I'm bored, but nothing ever changes. Whenever I have the energy and try to make plans with him, he either has no energy or doesn't want to do the thing or other things make it impossible. He rarely ever tries to make plans.
 We've been living together for about 1.5 years now. It doesn't feel like a home, I am not sure why. He does help with the housework and chores, but usually only if I point things out for him. I am trying my best to do my fair share, but it's so damn hard, because I am drained most of the time by mental illness.
 He tries to be there for me and support me through my hard times, even though he often doesn't know what to do. I am so grateful and thankful for that, I really am. I would be lost without him. I wouldn't have gotten professional help without him. There's just that feeling that it isn't enough and sometimes it's overwhelming. I often dream about someone else (no one that is real of course, just daydreams) and what a happier relationship would look like for me. I need someone to 'drag me along', like start the spark in me to do things and so on. I don't think he can give me that. But still, there is such a strong connection and I think I love him, but I don't know anymore. How am I supposed to know?
 We've known each other for over five years now, before we started our relationship we were really close friend. He is my only friend now and the most important person in my life, but I can't shake the feeling that this is not 'it'.
  
 tl;dr I question my relationship, because I don't know if I am happy in it and if I really love him."
"Update: Antenatal won this battle, but it won't win the war.  Close  145  Posted by   Lux Adrienne due 9/8/15   4 years ago  Archived  Update: Antenatal won this battle, but it won't win the war.  Original post  here. 
 So, I am still really struggling with talking about my experience in the ER/psych ward, but there have been so many posts about depression this week that I feel like I need to offer up this experience. My hope is that it arms some of you with knowledge to help you make decisions about dealing with depression and pregnancy.
 Some background: I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Adult ADD for many years. When I'm not pregnant, I take a combination of 60mg of cymbalta and a small dose of adderal. I was able to wean off both for my first pregnancy, and started cymbalta again at 5 months PP, adderal at 8 months PP- when I had to stop breast feeding.
 This pregnancy has been very different from my first. I weaned off my medications, but by 4 months I knew I needed help. I was having day dreams about hurting myself just bad enough that I could go to the hospital and make everyone leave me alone. I thought of my daughter as ""it"" more than ""her."" So I told my OB and she started me on Zoloft.
 The thoughts continued, and I began to feel guilty for being depressed, useless for not being able to function at my full capacity, resentful of my family. So I contacted my psychiatrist and OB again, and they decided to switch me back to cymbalta, which is the same class drug as Zoloft, but that had worked for me in years past, even when I was breast feeding. My daughter showed no changes when I started taking it while nursing. We started at 25 mg.
 The thoughts got better for a while, but then I tanked again. I started hoping- praying- that ""the baby"" would kill me in child birth. So we upped to 30 mg. At this point, I was depressed, felt guilty for being depressed, felt guilty for needing medication and scared to up my dose again, was resentful, angry and in pain. I was also stressed. We bought a house, I taught freshman comp AND took graduate level classes for a while, worked my part time job.... My life was a spiral of ""too busy.""
 I was teetering. I would handle myself some days, but not others. There were days I would take my daughter to day care, then lay on the floor in my bathroom sobbing for 6-8 hours. I hated everything. Then my husband and I lost $400 in a stupid budgeting accident. And then two weeks ago we got into a big fight. He said something that would have hurt me in my normal state- but in my depression it filled me with utter despair. I felt hopeless. Alone. Like nothing would ever be ok again. (Btw, my husband is a wonderful man, father and husband. But we were mad, and having the kind of fights couples have. He is not abusive in the least. In fact, %99 of the time, he's my safe place. So, this is not a case of abuse. Just want to make that clear.)
 4 days later, I took my daughter to her gymnastics class, and she acted like a total 2 year old. Bratty, frustrating, pushing my buttons. I was rough with picking her up and storming out of the gym. When I went to put her in her car seat she tried to slap me. In a moment of soul-crushing weakness, I dropped her into her car seat, intentionally hard. The buckles scratched her back and she hit her head hard. She looked at me and said ""ouch mamma"" and it felt like my world ended. I hated myself more than I have ever hated anyone. On the way home (luckily her dad was working from home that day) I realized I had a garage! For the first time in my adult life I had a garage. I was going to take my daughter inside to her dad, go to the garage and lock myself in with the car running. (Never mind that my husband would have noticed... I was not thinking rationally at all.) I was going to kill myself.
 I'm not sure when I remember the baby, but by the time I got home I knew I couldn't kill myself because it would kill her too. So I called my OB who sent me to the ER.
 Here's what happened: I was monitored in the ER for 5 hours. They tested my blood for drugs and alcohol, and did an ultrasound on the baby. I was not allowed to keep my curtain closes or use the restroom by myself.
 Then they transferred me to the antenatal ward. I had a ""sitter"" who stayed with me round the clock, and I was monitored twice a day. They did let me close the bathroom door when I needed to pee, but a nurse was in my room 24 hours a day. I was there for a day and a half.
 After that I checked myself into the Adult Behavioral Ward. It was terrifying. If you'd like to hear more on the details of this, let me know and I'll share. But let me just say- seeing the other people there and not being able to leave when I wanted was terrifying. It was a miserable 24 hours. But- by the time I left I had gained some serious perspective. I immediately made an appointment with my psychiatrist, upped my dose to the 60mg I take normally, and also got a referral to a therapist who I will be seeing weekly.
 The best thing that came out of this was while I was in the psych ward. I felt so alone and scared. I sobbed to myself, curled in bed for the first 4 hours. At one point I was mumbling to myself ""I'm so alone, I'm so fucking alone, I want my family."" Just then, Lux kicked me. It sounds utterly romanticized and ridiculous, but I really felt as if she was trying to comfort me. She moved in a way that made me feel like she was rubbing me with her little hand, and it reminded me that I actually was NOT alone. I had one of my daughters with me, and she needed me. It was what carried me through the rest of my time there. I was able to check out after 24 hours- a week ago today.
 With my fresh perspective and the correct dose of medication, I've had a better week than I have had this entire pregnancy. I still feel depression symptoms, but I'm handling them MUCH better.
 What I hope you take from this is that depression makes your brain betray you. And you can go from ""managing"" to full on breakdown FAST. I am grateful I had the courage to check myself in. I was trying to ""tough it out,"" but there is only so much ""tough"" each of us possesses. If you feel like you aren't managing, PLEASE ask for help. You and your baby deserve to be healthy and happy.
 If you have any questions, please let me know.
 Edit: Thank you all for the outpouring of love and support. This is truly a special little corner of the Internet, and I am so grateful to be a part of it. <3"
"Used to hit myself in the head with a hammer, worried about brain damage/dementia (kinda long)  Close  17  Posted by  5 years ago  Archived  Used to hit myself in the head with a hammer, worried about brain damage/dementia (kinda long)  Not posting on a throwaway because I'm tired of feeling ashamed.
 I've engaged in a lot of ...intense... self harm over the years (you do not want to see my stomach). Cutting, hitting, scratching, etc. My favorite method is to hit myself with a hammer. I haven't done it for 3 weeks or so, when my hammer was taken away after an incident involving police and guns being drawn. Not currently suicidal or self-harming.
 Anyways, I'm 29 now but years ago I used to, for a short period of time, hit myself in the head with a hammer. Not hard enough to fracture my skull, but still. Metal against bone, against brain... maybe causing concussions or they could still be sub-concussive hits that add up to brain damage.
 I'm really, really worried about chronic traumatic encephalopathy -- this is the technical name for the dementia (like Alzheimer's) that NFL players, boxers, hockey players, etc. get from getting concussions and hitting their heads multiple times over the years. I'm really, really, insanely worried (though I do have problems with anxiety, which might be magnifying things...) about having CTE, and eventually getting dementia, or killing myself and/or other people like Junior Seau, Dave Duerson, Chris Benoit, Jovan Belcher, Derek Boogaard...
 I feel like my memory, concentration and attention are not so good. I used to have just sort of mild depression, lately I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and have insanely bad Depression every day, and Depression/suicide can be a sign of mild brain injury.
 I am SO pissed off and angry that I did this. If I read about CTE too much I get super depressed and hopeless and scared.
 I will hopefully see a neurologist soon to try to allay my fears, but in the meantime I am so goddamned scared of CTE/dementia... If you engage in self harm, please avoid hitting your head at all."
Venting because why not  Close  1  Posted by  8 months ago  Archived  Venting because why not  So im constantly depressed and anxious along with always being stressed and paranoid. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder(mdd) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder(gad). But I just dont know what to do with my life. Im 17 and live in a house with both parents(who despise eachother) and 6 siblings (second oldest in house). I actually have 3 half siblings and 2 more fullblooded but they have moved out. My family is in the worst fucking shit show imaginable  (though I still am privilaged cause cmon im able to post this on a phone) we make 30k a year and thats all my dads disibility because he is bassically a walking corpse. He has had so many heart attacks and this morning had another. He has MS, RSD, PTSD, GAD, MDD, hes also anemic and many more but the important one is a conditon where at any givin moment at any time his heart will just stop. Just stop and he'll drop dead then and there. He also has another version where he pretty much forgets how to breath. He's the sweetest dad and I love him but the amount of stress he can cause because of said issues is just horrific for my mental health. Now heres where youll probably think my mom and dad are brother and sister. The amount of fucking health problems their kids have is insane. I have 3 autistic siblings, one of which will be lucky as hell if he lives to 18, he sees 11 different specialist for loads of issues and the real kicker is he has a condition where his cartlige in his body is soft. So his lungs are broken to explain sorta. Only way to fix it is a lung transplant. Then another sibling had torrets, the intelligence of a 10 year old (hes 19). He doesn't know how to do any task or even use a vending machine. I could keep explaining more of what siblings have but honestly none of you will probably read this far so to continue this vent. My family is in extream poverty, we live in the fucking ghetto where every week atleast 3 people are killed. We cant pay any bills and my dad always overdraws at the bank. Mom is a absoulute cunt and a cheater who refuses to work because she thinks my dad is faking all his health issues and has a horde of gold (really am not makin this up). She and I quote is "a 14 y/o goth boy" which sums up her pretty well despite being a 44 y/o. I work my ass off doing cap 2 (unloader/stocker for stores) and come home tired and stressed only to hear about how we cant afford this bill or that bill or another fight between parents or my dad asking to borrow more money that he can pay back but never will. Its just so fucking stressful! I want to scream out loud to the point of I will hurt physically. I can't deal with all of the troubles of life and have honestly thought about leaving. But we're to poor for a funeral so I kinda can't. Im a failure who dropped out in 9th grade (i would be a senior now) because my mom fucked me by homeschooling me until i finnaly went to a public school in 7th where i just wanted social interaction. All my belifes of school came from shows and anime so it wasent quite what I expected but my god I loved social interaction, finnaly I could be a normal human. Even now im still learning how humans kinda work and such (yes i was that isolated from kindergarten to 7th). And now look where im at. I a pathetic looser who at 15 drank 20 shots of moonshine in a 5min window and somehow after being alone for 7 hours was still alive and spent a week in the hospital recovering. I did it to try and feel happy and the horrible part is I did. I dont know what to do to better my situation. And if any of you feel like the following advice it won't help. Both parents are a only child so no family can help All my siblings and grandparents are in the exact same situation We already have all that government help or dont qualify And no my mom will not work period. If you somehow read this far congrats? Idek anymore im just to tired to exist rn.
"Vortioxetine and stimulants safety  Close  4  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Vortioxetine and stimulants safety  So tomorrow I might start taking 10mg daily of vortioxetine, an atypical antidepressant, as I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I’m still unsure wether to even take it as I’ve heard many horror stories on SSRI so any experience you guys have would be helpful.
 If I did start taking it would it be safe to use 2-fma for studying at low doses? I usually use about 20mg once a week."
"Want to come hang out at the stream?  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Want to come hang out at the stream?  Hello everyone! I am streaming tonight at 9:30pm CST. Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Hugs and I'm a psychology major in university. I am very passionate about helping those with mental illness and spreading awareness. I have been diagnosed with major depression and Generalized Anxiety. Although I was only in the hospital for a week, I was admitted. (The average stay was a week there) By playing games and sharing my story, I hope I can contribute to ending stigma around mental health, as well as creating a safe and supportive place for people who are struggling.
 If you want to come hang out, you can. It's totally your choice. If you want to join and build this supportive community, come on down! I really want to use my gaming and passions to make a safe place where we can just be real.  I really hope that you come, and I truly hope that me or anyone that joins this community, will impact someone's life in a positive way. I want more friends as well! Love ya! Come to the stream at 9:30 CST if you'd like!  https://www.twitch.tv/hugsforthugs   https://discord.gg/mbbmAGE"
"Warning?? *Experience*  Close  3  Posted by  17 days ago  Warning?? *Experience*  Okay, forgive me if this post is a little long!
 I am half German and half Asian, my grandmother herself an Immigrant from Thailand. Over in her original country, the Thai people believe heavily in the paranormal and ghosts. She has horror stories herself, as does her other surviving relatives. Fast forward, and it is December of 2018. I have have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and possibly a personality disorder when I was 14 years old. In 2018 I was 22 years old, and was in the psychiatric hospital for two months until December. Unfortunately, I was not able to make car payments/rent etc. I never had a good relationship with my stepmother. Something was always very off with her. She is a pathological liar, and has admitted to stealing narcotics to hospice patients, and patients who were on heavy tubes/ventilators; basically people who NEEDED them and were extremely vulnerable. She is not a good person, and she has proved that time & time again. Due to my situation, in December of 2018; I opted for moving back into her house with her and my two younger brothers. My stomach would drop when i thought about moving back in with her, so as I pray and meditate daily; I would include asking about her, whether it was a good decision or not to move back in. She had a creepy, slimebag/felon/never took care or had custody of his own kids. EVERY time I prayed about her then meditated after; I had the SAME recurring dream; her boyfriend raped me, she put a bullet in the head, and they both drove off (probably went on the run if this were to happen). I have Asian heritage; and in the beginning of these dreams; it looked like a traditional Asian hotel (please refer to google etc,) with other asians i have never seen or met before. I never spoke, they never did either, and I had this same dream for two weeks. Nothing changed, it was the same every time. Thankfully, i moved in with my now girlfriend. Will you all let me know what you think? As in; was this a warning, premonition, or were my guardian angels looking out for me? Thank you for taking the time to read this long post! :)"
"Wasn't allowed to ask for opinions in   r/AmItheAsshole   because suicide reference so was asked to put it here instead. 
 First, let me give you all some context about my own life so you have some background of where I am personally coming from.
 I am M18, and live in the USA.
 I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and I am currently in therapy/outpatient(ish) and have been for the past four years.
  Usually whenever friends come to me with their problems I try to respectfully listen and give my own personal outlook on how to maybe help themselves feel better. Calm them down, get them water, play video games with them... The usual stuff that I hope makes my friends feel better.
 However, about two days ago I recently went through a major depressive episode.
 The full nine yards style mental breakdown.
 During that day this friend of mine messaged me asking if I could possibly hang out with him because he was feeling suicidal and extremely depressed, he is one of my better friends that I have in my life and I knew in the past that he was depressed.
 I was the same boat as him and could barely handle myself at that current moment.
 I told him that I couldn't because I was personally not feeling well. I didn't want to make him worried so I didn't tell him I straight up wanted to off myself that day as I felt something as heavy as that would make it just worse.
 He kept pressuring me, basically begging for me to be there for him at that time... When in reality I just didn't have the emotional energy to talk and comfort.
 I know that I was one of his only friends, and no one else really talks to him or listens.
 He has a legal issue that  I will not go into  (since it is not relevant to the post) that pushed away all of his family and friends.
 Eventually, I get agitated by the constant messages and pleas, wanting some kind of comfort from me and give him a help hotline phone number and leave him on read.
   Fast forward to the next day... 
 I get a message from him saying that he is extremely angry and saddened that I couldn't be there for him.
  AITA Reddit? 
 TLDR: Was extremely depressed and couldn't help my friend who was going through the same thing. I am more than likely his only friend."
"We have been dating for about 7 months, and oftentimes I just feel like I am insignificant in this relationship.
 While he pays attention to me, he is often critical of me and we are very very close to breaking up, although he is adament that it is because of the fact that I snoop on his facebook, etc. I do this, it's true. But I found a really inappropriate conversation with a girl from our winter break and since then I've been not very trusting (the conversation wasn't TOO bad, it was only like two things he said but still I feel it was wrong. he apologized and said it was wrong, too).
 I'm just really confused because I honestly feel like being around him makes me depressed, and he has actually said the same thing about me. The problem now is if I bring anything up he just kind of yells at me and tells me I'm being ridiculous. And he doesn't really like to kiss or do PDA either because he's from a country where people don't ""do"" PDA...but at the same time it makes me feel like he doesn't really love me if he won't hold my hand in public and stuff like that.
 I want to break up but at the same time I know I will miss him so much and I did love him at one point. He even said he doesn't love me anymore but didn't want to break up, so I'm really confused. He said it's my fault he doesn't love me anymore because of all the times I've made him upset.
 I'm just not sure if this will turn around and is worth saving, especially since we're about to transition to long distance... I'm really confused about what's going on and I really feel scared to talk to him anymore because I feel like he's just so concerned with always acting happy that he dismisses my concerns.
 The other problem is that I have been diagnosed with clinical depression. So I'm not sure when I freak out if it's ""Real"" of if it's ""depression lying"" to me. I've been broken up with a lot so at this point I know that the problem really is probably me (Taylor Swift style). So I don't know what to do. At this point I Really do feel unlovable because somehow the way I act has driven every person I love or try to love away from me. The fact that he is stll with me feels like a miracle because past boyfriends basically had cut and run by now. At the same time, though, past boyfriends were a lot sweeter to me than he is.
 Sorry if this is confusing, but I'm just not sure when the right point is to break up. I really want this relationship to work.
 tl; dr  feel like we have to break up, but I really don't want to."
Weed and Quetiapine  Cannabinoids  Close  2  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Weed and Quetiapine  Cannabinoids  Sup everyone, hope everyone is doing well. I kinda just want to tell my "drug/treatment" story. So I've been on seroquel for over 6 months now and it has helped me so much. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder and mania. I've experienced psychosis a couple times, not since I've been on seroquel however. And Idk I hear alot of negative things about seroquel but I must have gotten lucky because I haven't gained weight or become a zombie lol.  The worst side effect is waking up sometimes but it's been getting better. I'm on 200mg of xr, but I also smoke weed daily. I have smoked weed since I was 14, I'm 17 now going 18. Does anyone else smoke weed daily on their antipsychotics? Recently I've started smoking more heavily and my tolerance is crazy. But I've also been alot happier lately, not from the weed though haha I think it's just life. Idk I just wanted to share about my use of weed daily on seroquel and how it's becoming easier to cope from mental illness. I 100% don't think it's the weed, I  mainly wanted to tell my story to show how things have gotten better even with smoking weed daily.
"Weight loss?  Close  1  Posted by   This user has not yet been verified.   7 months ago  Archived  Weight loss?  So I am 17, 5’4 and I weigh about 285lbs. I know, it’s a lot. I’m not happy with it and that’s why I’m here. I take a daily medication of Venlafaxine 75mg and sometimes an over the counter sleeping pill. I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, General Anxiety and PTSD. I also have Acid Reflux but I’m not currently on meds for that. Once I reached about 250lbs a few years ago, I was very unhappy and I started to change my diet and how much I exercised. But no matter how much I would try, I’d loose like a pound or two and then gain more back, even while dieting and exercising. The most I’ve been is 299.8 and I’m down to 287.5 right now. Which is good cause I’ve lost about ten pounds, but this is from almost a year of trying. And my weight fluctuates a lot. Currently I’m doing about 11 thousand steps DAILY and it’s still barely affecting my weight. For others the pounds would be melting off like butter.
 I just want some insight and some advice on what might be wrong. I did when I was 11 have an issue with eating too much but that was over by 13. Now daily, I eat much smaller amounts of food than I use to, I drink lots of water, and I watch my carbs and calories and everything, while I’m working out during the week. I really want to fix my body and stop being so fat and be healthy. I don’t want to be obese but honestly, I don’t know what to do now."
Well its goes that everyday for like the past month I have at least 4 thoughts a day about committing suicide. I highly doubt I will do it because I don't believe that suicide is a answer to problems, but it does fuck with my head a good bit... I have been diagnosed with Clinical depression in the past and with addictions happening at the moment for sure doesn't help...
"Well, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, but something inside me feels that diagnose is wrong... I feel like I'm much more fucked up inside than anyone thinks, like... It's hard to explain, I don't see myself in the mirror and all I do is because of my own enjoyment.
 I don't know how I should go on about this, I don't want to bring this up with my psychiatrist in fear of becoming instituted somewhere...
 I got released from hospital today, I tried to kill myself last night, slit my wrists and took a lethal overdose of pills.."
"Wellbutrin XL and Buspar plus Adderall question  Antidepressants  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Wellbutrin XL and Buspar plus Adderall question  Antidepressants  Backstory: I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, anxiety, and insomnia and recently with inattentive ADD.
 So, I've been on Wellbutrin XL 300mg and 15 mg of buspar for quite some time now. The buspar is mainly to counteract the meanness I get on just Wellbutrin (which is apparently is a very common thing, getting really mean on welbu) and I was recently prescribed 20mg Adderall twice a day; after breakfast and after lunch. I was told I can take 10 mg if 20 is too much.
 I take Wellbutrin and half a buspar in the morning and the other half of the buspar before bed along with 5mg Ambien for insomnia.
 I'm curious on people's reactions/interactions on this combo since I forgot to ask my pharmacist but also each person is different and has different experiences."
"Wellbutrin XL with the sleeve - anyone have experience here?  Close  11  Posted by  2 months ago  Wellbutrin XL with the sleeve - anyone have experience here?  I searched the sub but didn't find what anything relevant, so apologies if this has already been discussed. I may cross post this to other subs as well but wanted to start here (sorry, I'm not super great at reddit). 
 I got sleeved November of 2016. I have recently started Wellbutrin XL 150mg once daily to help with my mental health. I have cycled SSRIs without much luck for most of my life, as I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder + anxiety with dissociation, but had yet to try a true dopamine inhibitor.
 It's still early but I am feeling positive about this medication (with the possible addition of an anti-anxiety med) because it makes me feel more alert, suppresses my appetite that came back with a vengeance during pregnancy and has yet to go away, and has lifted my mood a bit so far.
 I've now read multiple times that those with gastric surgeries shouldn't take Wellbutrin XL or SR, so I am wondering if my PCP missed something when prescribing this to me, and maybe it is not safe for a sleeved patient, or the efficacy is lessened somehow. I've not found much reliable information on WHY a bariatric patient shouldn't take this medication.
 Does anyone have any experience with Wellbutrin while sleeved, positive or negative? I'd really like to stay on it, maybe even up my dose, but I'm now worried and anxious and my PCP hasn't provided any relief to that other than to tell me it will be ""fine"". I am no longer in contact with my surgeon's office so I'm not sure what expert opinion I could get otherwise. Thank you for your thoughts."
"Went from IUD to birth control pill, having some emotional issues. Advice please?  Side Effects!?  Close  5  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Went from IUD to birth control pill, having some emotional issues. Advice please?  Side Effects!?  I was on Tri-Sprintec from the time I was 14 until I was 22, when I got a Mirena IUD. I had no issues with the pills: minimal bleeding, zero cramps, 2 day ""periods"", etc. When I switched to the IUD everything went out of wack: horrible cramps, sporadic bleeding, etc. So two weeks ago (after having it in for 2.5 years) I decided to get it removed and get back on the pill. This past week I have been a horrible, weepy mess. Emotionally I am just a wreck, over nothing at all. I just cry and sleep all the time. I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder in the past, and am going to see a psychiatrist about getting back on meds for that, but this week has been been more intense than normal. Could this be caused by the elevated hormones in the pill?
 Thanks for any and all advice in advance."
What a beautiful read, thank you for sharing. I myself have been diagnosed with Major Depression, about this time last year, actually. My family has had a history of depression, and my mother struggles with it too — the math of one in five days a week is accurate. I know you’ve probably heard this a hundred times a day, but honestly, it does get easier for everyone. He’s young, but he has you. You and your husband seem like amazing people. I wish there were some way to let him know that telling the both of you, especially yourself, how dark he’s feeling is brave. So, so brave. I could’ve never done that on my own, even if I were in the same scenario with loving supporting parents, I can’t imagine I’d be able. It brought me to tears. You sound like an amazing woman who needs a hug from someone struggling with the very thing. You’re doing an amazing job, despite the many hurdles so many of us go through alone. Thank you for sharing your story. I appreciate it, and everything you’re doing for your boy. Joe.
"What are your strongest attachments like and do you want to have a romantic primary relationship?  Close  9  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  What are your strongest attachments like and do you want to have a romantic primary relationship?  Journey spiel; 
 After trying to figure out what is up with me, I figured out that it's schizoid pd. It actually has a word and there are others who are similar. This came after thinking I was a psycho/sociopath, but not really fitting the bill, thinking I was a really high-functioning autist, thinking I'd had some kind of trauma I didn't know about happen to me, and just generally knowing that I was not having the same internal experience as the majority of people. I knew I had a reduced capacity for empathy for people, but I still had a select few that I care about and I love animals. I knew that I would occasionally mess up the whole social cues thing; I would know something was off, but I couldn't figure out what. I knew I don't get excited about things and that my indifferent feelings to things other people would be upset about was a bit abnormal. I also knew that I could blend in well enough with other people as to be able to get jobs and not raise flags with my acquaintances.
 I thought something was wrong with me, but I also felt like something was wrong with everyone else. Like everyone was just kind of acting stupid when they would get emotional about things. I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and I took the psych test a few years ago. Everything was ok, but I scored very high on alienation. My therapist was thinking schizotypal (which didn't really make sense now that I think about it) and the one who reviewed the test with me suggested Asperger's and I shot it down. I recall him saying ""Maybe, you just don't like people."" I disagreed because I don't feel a hatred or even a huge dislike for the concept of people. I don't mind them most of the time, I'm just indifferent to them and their ongoings if they don't have an effect on mine.
 I can make friends if I'm forced to see a certain group repeatedly in a specific context. Currently, I have them, but have a specific day of the week that I like to see them. Being flagged down or having them invite themselves to sit with me at lunch or dinner, and then having to interact with them outside of that time is a bit irritating because it infringes on my personal time. I'm otherwise alone or doing things on my own. There are people that I enjoy and group activities I like to do, it's just that the vast majority of the time, I want to be by myself.
  End journey spiel. 
   Actual Post: 
 I have once felt an extreme affinity for one person. An obsession; they were the only one that mattered. This person was interesting, unique, and not at all like anyone else I'd encountered. I wanted to know everything about them and to keep them to myself. This person was always striving for attention and socialization, and I found myself frequently frustrated in my pursuit because I couldn't just ""be alone"" with this person for any meaningful amount of time and I was often forced into social situations with people I didn't care about while trying to relate to them. I was not in a relationship with this person and they were completely disinterested in me. However, I couldn't help but purse them. Once that died down a few years ago, I resumed not feeling attracted to anyone. I thought that in college, I would find someone to be attracted to again, because that's what regular people do - they get attracted to people on more than one occasion - but that didn't happen. In middle and high school, I never had a desire for sexual relationships. In fact, I would say I didn't have a sexuality at all until I was 19. I'm 20, now.
 I still want a romantic relationship, though. Ideally, I would have 1 single really intimate relationship with someone who doesn't feel like a complete drain and isn't prying; with someone whom being around feels like being alone. That would be the only relationship to maintain. The problem is that not only am I attracted to no one, but everyone is taxing and un-stimulating to be around.
   Actual Questions: 
  I'm pretty sure I fit into the schizoid classification, but do you guys feel a desire for a romantic primary relationship? Do you desire an intimacy with another person that feels like being alone and isn't too sex-oriented (weird phrasing, I know)? 
  What have your strongest attachments felt like?"
"What can I do at home to exercise and build discipline?  Close  1  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  What can I do at home to exercise and build discipline?  I'm home all day, I play games when I force myself to play, or I am just lying down bored but not wanting to do anything.
 I have barely any muscle and I'm all fat. I don't know what to do anymore. I was thinking of doing push-ups but I don't know how much or how often. I have 8lb weights to lift.
 I have no will or discipline but I don't want to stay this way forever. I'm getting worse every day but I need to change. I want to go out but I have nothing to go to, nothing to look forward to. I go out for walks sometimes but I don't know.
 I keep thinking I'm not depressed but just the result of my habits. No discipline and bad life choices is why I'm here. Maybe I am depressed because of that and fixing it will make me better. I'm seeing a psychiatrist and a psychologist, take medications, and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I'm in denial about it or blame myself.
 Ahhhh I need help, this isn't me. What can I do to exercise at home? I can't go to the gym anymore because I'm afraid of seeing the national guard folks and I have no will to go. More like no discipline. I'm spoiled and whining. I'm sorry for writing so much."
What Do I Do (Suicide TW)?  Close  4  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  What Do I Do (Suicide TW)?  So I have been diagnosed with major depressive, generalized anxiety, and obsessive compulsive personality disorders (nothing new- I've known for years). I take medication and go to therapy weekly. However, for the past month I've been waking up wanting to die and dying is all I've been thinking about when I'm trying to fall asleep. I get intrusive thoughts all day about ending my life (that is, outside of the 11-12 hours I spend sleeping). I know that when you're suicidal you're supposed to go to the emergency room and get checked in and all that, but the thing is that I don't actually plan on ending my life. I have all these thoughts and daydreams, but deep down I know I could never actually kill myself. I've been admitted to a psych ward before for 3 weeks and it really helped me, but I don't know what to do in this situation. I want to die constantly, but I know I won't do anything to actually make that happen. I'm not sure whether I really  need  the hospital or whether I just  want  to go. Is wanting to die enough of a reason to go to the hospital, or do I need to have a plan? I'm Canadian, also, if that makes a difference.
"What helped me alleviate my depression  Close  67  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  What helped me alleviate my depression  Hey. A bit about me, I am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and have been in the worst episode of my life for almost two years.
 I used to do a lot of things. Now, not so much. Just the pressure of thinking about all the things I have to do today wears me down. It seems like and endless and pointless list, right?
 Well, it turns out that most of the things are not that important. For example, for me, things that seems like an tedious chore are hygiene and social stuff, like showering. shaving, answering to texts, catching up... etc.
 I used to dread my afternoons because I had all this extra stuff on top of work to do, and I wanted to do everything but I didn't do it, so I ended up having zero day after zero day.
 So... after too much self-loathing here is how I fixed it.
 Only. Do. One. Thing.
 Simple, no zero days, but also NO TWO DAYS. There will be room for two days later in life but first thing is getting consistent with doing ONLY one thing.
 For me, it's showering. I don't care about anything else but showering every day. Maybe my social life is in shambles and I have an awful beard, but that's not urgent right now, that will be fixed later.
 Before I would try to do three things and do zero. Or I would do one thing and the next day try to do two and end up doing zero.
 That's putting way too much pressure on a depressed person.
 Just do one thing consistently and you will be infinitely better off than trying to do too much and end up doing nothing.
 I hope this helps someone."
"What is causing/ how do I stop self-sabotaging  Close  1  Posted by  26 days ago  What is causing/ how do I stop self-sabotaging  Background:
 I am diagnosed with Major Depression, Anxiety, and ADHD. I have a very long backstory but will try to keep it concise and relatively short. I am a 23M living in the northeast, I was undiagnosed until age 19/20 but exhibited symptoms at age 12. I was in counseling with 3 different counselors over the course of 2 years. The first two were not great fits and were ""yes (wo)men) that did not really work with me to combat my issues, however with my final therapist we made great strides and overcame great obstacles. I would say we finally recognized the (a) problem and treated it 75% to completion until my insurance changed and I could no longer go back. That was about a year and a half ago. Since then I have focused on furthering my mental health, by trying to eat right (for the most part), exercise regularly, and take time to myself to reflect on my progress.
 Past experiences:
 I have always had a great pressure from my family to excel in life, especially at school. I have an older brother was born premature and with several difficulties, I was told from a young age (13 or so) that it would be up to me to support him later in life (he is currently unemployed at age 28 playing video game in my parents basement, embodying that vision my parents had for him. With this being said I was always able to succeed in school, sports, and relationships with extreme ease to the point where I could stay an A student, be a 2 sport 4 year Varsity starter in hockey and lacrosse, and put forth minimal effort. However I was never happy in high school and never given positive reinforcement other than from friends. In college where class was seemingly optional and learning was done on my own I got caught up in social/frat/lacrosse life and withdrew from my first semester after a fistfight required me to get reconstructive surgery and my semester of B's and C's went away. The next semester I was an idiot again, rested on my IQ laurels and got 50/50 C's and D's (I am a biochemistry major, not the easiest classes). Over the summer I was treated like I stabbed my family in the back, like I really let them down, I was even harder on myself, so I worked hard at my job, prepared for the upcoming semester, quit the lacrosse team, cut unhealthy ties and returned to school. The overwhelming pressure I had on myself caused me to snap. I would prefer to not get into details, but it was very dark, abusing xanax and an mental block that prevented me from attending classes, it was an almost physical manifestation of a belt that my dad used to use to keep me in a chair as a child when I didn't want to do homework (ADHD and I already knew the material). I went to the school psychologist (yes woman) and withdrew for mental health reasons. I saw a therapist back home who started me on a lot of medication (anti-D and anti-anx) which made any recovery I made not seem real. I stopped seeing her and went of my medication of my own accord (tapered correctly, I have a strong interest in medicine). Since I was at an all time low (praying its my forever low) living at home with the people who saw me as their savior was terrible. So I looked for well paying jobs near my campus, borrowed money from a friend and moved back to school where I capitalized on my social skills and entered the tourism industry in a large city. I saw my last therapist who was great, really helped me get over the need to impress my parents and remove their power over me. I returned to school 6 months later and knew that I was kind of shaky with my mental health, probably drinking too much/ smoking too much weed, and how I was really on my last straw at this expensive university. My solution was to get a nice girlfriend to dissuade me from going out to drink to pick up women. This actually worked well, developed into a nice relationship that lasted 1.5 years until her senior spring when she started to feel uncertain about dating a college kid as a professional, she cheated on me, I broke up with her, she stalked me, I failed all my classes, boom caught up to this year. Coping with such a steep drop off was rough, but I persevered, allowed myself time to deal with all those emotions, get myself together, and hit the gym (physical health=mental health). I moved back home after my lease ended, enrolled at community college and here is where I am now.
 Now:
 I am farther behind in life then i would want to be, but I am ok with it, its gods plan and I am so happy about the internal strength and world view that I have now after going through those experiences, I see my adjusted path ahead. Last semester for fear of dropping into a hole again I took only 13 credits at CC and whooped ass, getting all A's but admittedly sometimes having to lean on my interpersonal skills to get extensions since I just didn't feel like doing the work at the time. It sounds like procrastination, but there is an undertone to the feeling that I've felt before in that dark room my sophomore year- it gets worse.
 This semester I overloaded my schedule 3 times to total at 21 credits, taking courses Organic Chem 2, Gen Chem 2 (weird i know, but just go with it), Calculus 2, Bio 1, and Physics w/calculus 2. These are not easy courses and I knew that, but I also know that I am/was smart enough to complete them and do well. This held true, I worked fairly hard (8/10) for the first 4 weeks or so and got A's on all of my exams. After which I have found it increasingly more difficult to put forth effort into my work. I have been doing just about anything but studying, Day trading crypto/stocks, creating a nootropic mix, catching up with old pals. I wait until the day of, or more recently days/ week after the due date to do work. I stopped watching TV last semester after I experienced watching my father waste what's rest of his life in front of the TV screen mindlessly watching stupid shows that I doubt he even likes. My brother has scarred me from playing video games because that is all he does day in and day out, rarely leaving the basement except for meals or the bathroom. I have taken up trading stocks and fill my days with research when I know I need to be doing my work which in reality wouldn't take me too long with even half my attention, and even faster if I applied my full attention (like the stock market gets).
 I am so frustrated because I know I have been given a gift of a wonderful mind that has the potential to really make an impact on the world but I just can't apply it and I don't know why. I feel like the only reason I am not freaking out right now is because shit hasn't really hit the fan and the narcissistic (self diagnosed) side of me says that I will still be able to recover. I know that's not really true though and my to-do pile is growing and growing from all of the classes that I have.
 I've had the thought before in my life that I do this to test myself, to see how low I can go, to see how high I can make the odds to see if i will come out on the other side. I don't really know if this is really the case, but I thought I should share.
 What I'm asking:
 Is there anyone out there who is like this and overcame it, has anyone had a patient work through these problems before? are there exercises, self affirmations I should tell myself, a mindset I should get into? any suggestions would be greatly appreciated and thank you in advanced
 It is hard finding a therapist around me as the ones that I called who are in network do not accept new patients, also I have only reached to a few as the similar internal wall does not want me to get help, my parents do not want to admit that I still need help and do not help even when they say they will/want to support, but I think would rather live in the world where their savior is back and working perfectly."
What is the proper terminology for not being able to experience sensations the way they should be experienced (it's all just a dull haze)  Close  4  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  What is the proper terminology for not being able to experience sensations the way they should be experienced (it's all just a dull haze)  What is the proper terminology to describe a lack of sensational feeling. For example, there have been times many years ago where I am driving and I can actually see things. Like if there are some nice trees...I actually can feel them...like I don't know how to explain it, but I can appreciate their beauty and what not....I can see their colors and stuff. But these days everything feels like a dull haze....a blurry nothingness. I can still acknowledge that something is separate from the rest if I am focusing. Like a kettle is a kettle, and these are its functions, and that is a cup etc., but I dunno. Nothing stands out, its all the same. It's sad because I can look at a view or a painting and know that I would normally appreciate it and like it, but the way I am feeling now I don't feel anything at all, I don't see anything at all. I mine as well be looking at anything, nothing stands out. The same goes for other sensations like smell and noise. There have been times where I am driving and just listening to the radio contently. Being able to enjoy it for just being on. But when I am in my current state, I find I need to find the right song, to fit my mood and it has to be just right in order for me to enjoy it. Reading is a pain in the butt too when I'm like this. I have read something multiple times, sometimes even 5 or more times for me to even get a basic grasp of what I am reading. It's so weird, but its awful. Is there some proper terminology for this explanation? Even a certain neurotransmitter or chemical that effects this? I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for a while now.
What is the proper terminology for not being able to experience sensations the way they should be experienced (it's all just a dull haze) (x-post from /r/depression)  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  What is the proper terminology for not being able to experience sensations the way they should be experienced (it's all just a dull haze) (x-post from /r/depression)  What is the proper terminology to describe a lack of sensational feeling. For example, there have been times many years ago where I am driving and I can actually see things. Like if there are some nice trees...I actually can feel them...like I don't know how to explain it, but I can appreciate their beauty and what not....I can see their colors and stuff. But these days everything feels like a dull haze....a blurry nothingness. I can still acknowledge that something is separate from the rest if I am focusing. Like a kettle is a kettle, and these are its functions, and that is a cup etc., but I dunno. Nothing stands out, its all the same. It's sad because I can look at a view or a painting and know that I would normally appreciate it and like it, but the way I am feeling now I don't feel anything at all, I don't see anything at all. I mine as well be looking at anything, nothing stands out. The same goes for other sensations like smell and noise. There have been times where I am driving and just listening to the radio contently. Being able to enjoy it for just being on. But when I am in my current state, I find I need to find the right song, to fit my mood and it has to be just right in order for me to enjoy it. Reading is a pain in the butt too when I'm like this. I have read something multiple times, sometimes even 5 or more times for me to even get a basic grasp of what I am reading. It's so weird, but its awful. Is there some proper terminology for this explanation? Even a certain neurotransmitter or chemical that effects this? I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for a while now.
"What is your thought process to determine what is real and what is not?  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  What is your thought process to determine what is real and what is not?  Good day, I've been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder with Psychotic Features. Other than my medications, I've been dealing with my audio-visual hallucinations through a method of scanning a pattern between them; to further deconstruct them which helps me ground myself on what is real and what is not.
 One common pattern that I've noticed is that my voices are only capable of telling me things that I already know. They just phrase it differently but they give no new information or whatsoever. This separates it from a real human being capable of telling me something that I have never known before.
 How about you guys? What type of thought process do you do when under a psychotic episosde? I'm very interested."
"What medicines do you combine with Lamictal?  Close  2  Posted by  4 years ago  Archived  What medicines do you combine with Lamictal?  I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for about 15 years. I have fairly treatment resistant depression. Lamictal is the only medicine that has ever been able to make me human again. I started it 9 years ago and it has changed my entire life. I now take 300mg daily. I also take 40mg of Celexa daily. I've been on this combination for about 2 years now. I naively thought that this combination of medicine would last the rest of my life. It's stopped working. I realized this past week that they're not working anymore.
 I've gone from 1-2 depressive episodes per year to 4+ in the past 6 months. I'm currently experiencing an episode that rivals the ones I was having pre-Lamictal 9 years ago. I have a therapist, but all of the coping mechanisms she's taught me aren't able to fight off the episodes I've had lately. I know that this is a medicine issue.
 My GP is the one who prescribes to me. She's very knowledgable and guides me, but puts a lot of emphasis on my input. I'd really like to know what you all take with Lamictal that seems to be most effective for you so that I can bring it up with her when I see her next week.
 I've been on Zoloft by itself (made me suicidal), Wellbutrin by itself (didn't do anything), Paxil by itself (did nothing), Luvox with Lamictal (nonstop vomiting for days) and Lexapro combined with Lamictal (stopped working after 2 years.) Celexa has worked the best, but I'm imagining I'll have to stop taking it now. If it matters, I've never done ECT.
 Thank you :)"
What should I do?  Close  2  Posted by  4 months ago  What should I do?  Hello medical community of reddit. First off, thank you for taking time to read this. Recently, I have been having a very hard time with life (I am diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Acute Anxiety), and I am wondering what course I should take, as my thoughts are becoming darker by the day. I was on Zoloft (150 mg) and Buspar (7.5 mg) but I recently stopped seeing my doctor, more for the fact that she didnt want to see me anymore (i am not the best patient, I frequently forget appointments because they are 3 months apart, I pay cash and sometimes forgot to bring it with me, etc) so I have been a few months without my medication. At first, it was fine, as I have read it would be. But as time has been going on I have been feeling worse and worse. Now, just to clarify, I have a great job, I have a wonderful woman in my life, I have 2 amazing dogs, and I live in my own place with all three of them. There is no reason for me to feel like this, I know. But my thoughts are turning sour and dark, and my life just doesnt feel fulfilling. The reason I am here is because the medication I was taking was giving my sexual side effects, which were making me feel as useless as I do now. Are there other medications that could deal with this problem? Or is it all SSRI's that do it? Are there other types of anti-depressants that do not have known sexual side effects? For those of you who are dealing with this yourselves, how do you deal? What are hobbies you all have? I guess I am trying to find a mix of activity (I am a gamer who is losing his love of games quite quickly) and perhaps medication that could help. Any wisdom you could impart to me would help greatly. Thank you all who read and take the time to answer.
"What's helping me currently. Imagine calling someone on the phone.  Close  5  Posted by  10 months ago  Archived  What's helping me currently. Imagine calling someone on the phone.  My name is Alex and I am diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder. I've been hearing voices for well over a year now. Having been diagnosed with major depression in my past, combined, my life has been turned into a nightmare in a sense. However, to my point;
  
 A thing that has vastly improved my state of mind is a particular action I took. And I would like to share this technique with other voice hearers who are suffering.
  
 The technique is this. Imagine that you are calling someone on the phone. Someone you trust, such as the police or a psychologist. With a bit of faith, a voice will manifest itself in your mind and offer you their help.
  
 I hope that this will help others as it has helped me. Thank you for reading my post."
"What's the best way to manage severe mental illness?  Close  1  Posted by  2 months ago  What's the best way to manage severe mental illness?  I have been severely mentally ill for a long time. I tried to kill myself repeatedly in high school. I honestly don't remember how many times. I think it was 5 or 6 times. I  spent a year and a half in a mental institution. I have tried to kill myself several times in college.
 I no longer actively try to kill myself, but I still sometimes feel so hopeless about life. My reason for not trying to kill myself anymore is because I don't want an obituary written about me because my life is so pathetic. I have no real friends and know that no one would go to my funeral. I'm ashamed of people realizing how pathetic I am.
 There are people in my life who's opinion I care about. To them, I appear that I take care of myself, dress well, have interests, and am really smart and likable. In reality, I shower about once every 5-7 days. I regularly stay up 24-48 hours doing nothing because of horrific anxiety.  I talk to myself when no one is around. I brush my teeth and wash my face once a day. I spend all my time obsessing over other women who will never even want to touch me. I have had so much trouble with school that I graduated high school a year late, and failed an entire year and a half of college. It will take me 7 years to finish my undergrad degree. I honestly seriously don't know if I can even finish it. I'm currently on academic probation. I also have slept with over 30 people, mostly strangers from Tinder. My roommate told me I was a whore.
 I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, Complex PTSD, Unspecified Anxiety Disorder, ADHD, Major Depression with Psychotic Features, and Insomnia. My psychiatrist of three years thinks I'm schizophrenic. I found that out when I asked him to write a disability form for my college, and he wrote schizophrenia. I don't really care to tell him that I'm not. I know I'm not, I've never heard voices or had hallucinations.
 The reason he thinks I'm psychotic is because I've had episodes of shutting down to the point of catatonia. I've ended up hospitalized for it. My therapist has told me it's dissociation from all the trauma that I've gone through.
 I'm prescribed an anti psychotic, and it is the only way that I can get to sleep, but I seriously struggle with taking it. It feels so scary going to bed.
 I have tried going to therapy. For years. It has not helped. My old therapist basically told me that my issues were mostly a chemical imbalance and that I have to take my meds on a regular basis and that I will always struggle with mental illness. My latest therapist thought I needed trauma therapy, but that was just seriously triggering and made me feel extremely bad and unbalanced.
 So what should I do? I need to somehow manage to get through life better but I truly don't know how. Any help would be seriously appreciated."
"When I'm driving I think about ending it.  Close  2  Posted by  12 months ago  Archived  When I'm driving I think about ending it.  I am 23yr(F) who has had no long term relationships with a SO. I have friends that I talk to once every few months but that's about it. My family life is pretty shit but that's neither here nor there.
 I have been diagnosed with Major Depressive for like 15 years now? So I have no concept of what a healthy outlook is, or how people should treat me. I don't know what a year is without thinking about suicide. I have been telling myself for years that I'm either too scared to do it, or brave enough not to. But that's just me. I know I think about too much but I don't have people around me to help me get out of these brain loops.
 I think about the rising temp of our planet and the number of heatstroke cases that will happen this year, I think about the fact that I'm driving everywhere but I can't afford an electronic car or a hybrid because I can barely afford to pay for my bills, food, gas, school and medical. I think about all the places I've applied and how they told me they'd hire anyone, but I still got turned down.
 I think about the people dying of preventable diseases, I think about how churches down the road will put together money for ""starving children in Africa"" but we have starving children here in the US. I think about how if people in power acknowledge that this isn't that great of a country then they have to admit that we need to change things and how they don't want to because it won't benefit them.
 I this about the underground slave trade happening all over the world, and how little kids are growing up with brands on their back saying they belong to someone who bought them. I think about my friend, who has so many brand marks, and still she persists. She is the strongest person I have ever met.
 I think about escapism, and how the rise in popularity with fantasy is in direct line to how much communication has increased world wide.
 I think I'll never find someone who makes me feel like I'm important to them. I don't feel owed anything. Feel like more communication we have online the less we talk in person.
 I think about the fact that I will one day have to bury my family. My mom, my dad, my siblings.  I think about the people who already have.
 And all of this keeps me up at night."
"Where to begin...  Close  5  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Where to begin...  (I really hope I'm not breaking any rules, I checked out the sidebar and some of the sources therein, but if I am breaking a rule my apologies!)
 I found this sub in a thread of comments on an  r/relationships  posting, and have been lurking for a bit of time. My husband and I are 27, have been married for 5 years and I would consider our relationship to be quite good. I love him and desire his company and he reciprocates that... but when it comes to sex... I am the problem, and I know it.
 This is not an effort to make excuses for myself but I have a chronic, quite painful gastric disorder and I've been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. The meds for my depression alone make it hard for me to overcome my low sex drive, and I voluntarily discontinued medication for my anxiety because those drugs in particular had a very bad affect on my libido (as in it didn't exist, and I didn’t care that it didn't). Now being on a whole host of more medication that I can't choose to discontinue, along with the side effects, is making it nearly impossible to deal with.
 A lot of this is also compounded by other factors in our life - he's in the military and has been deployed or on tour somewhere for over 2 years in all of our marriage. It's not like I'm blaming him, but some part of my ""sex brain"" has gotten fucked up by the whole feast v. famine thing of that kind of life. I'll notice that for a few months I'll want to be intimate daily, followed by months of, well, the opposite. And when he's gone it's like I just shut that part of myself off. (Fyi, we've tried to cyber-skype-sex stuff, but he's always had a bunkmate when gone...)
 For the last few months we've been having sex about 1-2x a week, and it's never as long as it should be. I feel so frustrated with myself, and it's really starting to bring me to a dark place. I just don't know where to start to improve things. I feel a bit silly in posting all of this, but I figured if any group of people had advice for me it would be you guys.
 Thank you to anyone who took the time to read or reply this jumbled mess of a post. I appreciate it!"
Who is really the victim. Me or my parents?  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Who is really the victim. Me or my parents?  I feel that I don't deserve to live a normal life. That's the way my stepfather treats me anyway. I can't be trusted with anything. After all I'm just another source of money for big pharma. If I didn't have to go to school I'd be out of this house by choice. I can deal with my mother, I love her to death, but my stepfather insists on controlling every aspect of my life. I'll be 18 soon, but I still won't have any freedom as long as I live here. Here's some background. I am diagnosed with major depression. I have been hospitalized once in the past because I used to be suicidal. I've gotten in a lot of fights with my stepfather, which he has started every time, but I'm the one in the wrong when I fight back. If he comes after me and I fight back, he's going to call the police and have me arrested. The reason I would look guilty is because of an incident in the past where my mother was caught in the middle of a fight between my stepfather and I and her toe was snapped backwards. I've hit my stepfather with a club when he busted in my room and got in my face. I don't want to be fucked with anymore. I want to move out but I don't have the money. My stepfather is negative to me all the time. He tries to tear me down all the time. He says I'm lazy, that I'm never gonna get anywhere in life because I don't put in work. I'm sorry that I don't want to go to college for twelve years like you and be stuck working at a fucking desk. I want to leave and be happy. I can't stand being tracked everywhere I go. I can't stand having to take anti depressants all the time. I can't stand being treated like a fucking experiment. I can't stand any of this. I just want my stepfather to fuck off. I only feel suicidal when he fucks me around. I'm sorry that you had a shit childhood. But that doesn't mean you have to make mine shit.
Why  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Why  Why does everyday get worse and worse its to the point now I hardly sleep I'm on 30 mg of Prozac and I know its not enough but my doctor won't up it for me . I just can't deal it's a struggle only thing that helps me feel normal is smoking weed I have my medical card for smoking before all you haters freak.   I'm in the best relationship iv never felt so loved and cared about I love you baby I just won't get why everyday a struggle I'm just not happy with myself I have been diagnosed with major depression,anxiety and OCD so it's a jungle of thoughts in there  I have random episodes where I just freak out and cry and get angry  I'm really  not sure why I can't control it. Then I get such bad anxiety that I can't sleep and it sucks I don't know when the last time we were able to sleep in the same bed for a night before I get so anxious I have to.switch rooms and beds does anyone have some tips to try I'm lost
"Why am I depressed? I don't want this to come back anymore.  Close  4  Posted by  6 years ago  Archived  Why am I depressed? I don't want this to come back anymore.  I'm 21. I've been depressed for the last year. I've been to a psych unit for a failed suicide attempt, been through a therapist, which she suggested symptoms of PTSD and a psychiatrist and got myself into medication. I'm diagnosed with major depressive disorder...
 Before any professional help, I messed up two semesters of college, broke my hand and foot, ruined my reputation among my close friends, lost a lot of weight and strength, developed bad hygiene and smoked marijuana or abused alcohol to the point of headaches and painful hung overs mixed with even more regrettable nights.
 The turning point happened... My parents recommended me to see my family back in my home country away from the midwest. Away from the United States and back into Europe. I loved it and never felt genuine happiness like I ever did. I wanna move there and I've been working hard on it to go back.
 After that...I've felt better for a month straight, but now... It's coming back. I've been writing on my journal and it's all negative. It's all about regrets and guilt. Blaming myself to oblivion. I'm getting thoughts of suicide again. I don't wanna kill myself, I just wanna stop thinking about this stuff you know?
 The past is the past, but... I don't wanna go back and continue thinking that brought me down. I'm all alone as I don't trust my friends and I know they would just talk behind my back again (confirmed by a mother who told me so)...
 Please anyone?"
"Why can't I stop thinking about this?  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Why can't I stop thinking about this?  I'm a male 17
 I've have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for 1 and 1/2 years. I never took my medication because nothing seemed to ever work. (little backstory: 15 months ago I used to do spice/K2/synthetic marijuana regularly. One night I did too much of it and got an extreme case of derealization/depersonalization For months I wouldn't show up to classes or rarely talk to people and wouldn't have the energy to do basic people things. Because of this, the feeling of being a worthless loser without any dreams keep coming into my head and then there were days where I would skip class and the only thing I would think about constantly is how easy it is to just leave this world and how unimportant life is. I really started to consider suicide. One night I snuck out of my house at 2 am and planned to walk in front of a fast moving bus. I attempted it and got really close but the bus somehow moved out of the way before it could hit me. It missed me by inches. This happened around 3 weeks ago and it was my first and only real attempt at suicide. Last week we got suicide prevention forums in class and I decided to fuck it, and answer honestly. My counselor got word that I was a danger to myself and long story short last week I got put in a 52-50 hold as a serious danger to myself in a psych hospital. During the time I spent in there (1 week) I thought I had made progress and really thought I could put all my daily thoughts of suicide to rest and cope with them instead. It's been around a week to a couple of days since I got discharged and I don't think things have changed at all. I haven't been as depressed but I think it's because I'm bottling up my feelings. I don't feel exactly like trying to attempt suicide again but I still feel like life is useless and when it's not it's always letting me down. I still feel these feelings and now I'm completely lost. I know that no one knows the answers but does anyone one know how to break this stupid cycle."
"Why didn’t she reach out?  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Why didn’t she reach out?  I have been diagnosed with Major Depression (amongst several other things) that I’ve had since I was seven. A turbulent life and a dysfunctional, abusive family hadn’t helped matters. Each year since then, I make an attempt to take my life at least once. And every year I fail miserably. This will be the 23rd year that I have to exist against my will. I do everything in my power to stay alive in spite of my suicide attempts. I focus on work, I write, draw comics,  exercise, pills, therapy, read and obey thousands of self help books. No matter what I do I continue to suffer. It feels like I have a disease or a cancer that I’m forced to live with. I’m not sure that I can continue much longer.
 But then I had a thought. Just like many others, I do not believe that anyone really gives a rats ass about what’s going on in my head-nor would they care if I were dead. Honestly, I assume that people do feel a sense of dread when someone they know has passed.
 People say that others do care and that they wish that their friends had reached out to them in a time of need. So I did just that and contacted some of my closest friends. I experimented with the idea The attempt seemed to have just made things worse.
 Not that it matters, but the idea of people talking about me when I’m dead:
 “She had everything to live for.” “Why didn’t she just tell me?” “What did she have to be sad about”
 Or just overall acting as if they didn’t see it coming. People tend to make the death of others about themselves and it can be frustrating.  But again, it doesn’t matter.
 Anyway, I’m sure that it’s obvious that I just needed to vent. Thank you/sorry if you read it all. I guess sometimes we just want to make a post online so that someone is forced to read it and see how truly fucked up we are without sugarcoating it? Who knows.
 I wish you strength and happiness, dear reader."
"Why do I fantasize about talking about other people and actually speak out loud as if they are there  Close  1  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Why do I fantasize about talking about other people and actually speak out loud as if they are there  Sometimes I talk to myself, but I Imagine I'm talking to other people...
 So, for example, I'll be in the car driving home at night and I start to imagine myself like, explaining something that I have some knowledge in and that's important to me, but I am picturing myself talking about it to people that I know and this gives me pleasure, like....for lack of better words it makes me feel good that I am explaining this stuff to them and it makes me feel better about myself and like....its like I'm standing out from them, and it makes me feel like I am super smart and one of a kind and I am almost like....a special person, like a super smart individual who knows this stuff and is really special and is the only person to discover this way of looking at things and almost that I'm....better than them or something?..... Anyways, I will literally be speaking in the car while I'm driving as if they are there, even though I know they aren't, I am imaging that they are kinda there... I dunno, its weird. I know they aren't, and I don't see them or anything, but I dunno....
 Anyways, my questions are: Is there a psychological term for this kinda thing? Is this something that everyone does and no one ever talks about? Am I a narcissist? Am I full of myself? Is this something of a psychotic nature?
 It is something that I have been paying attention to for several months now, and I believe I have been doing it here and there for years. One time after work I was feeling really confident and when I was in the shower I was doing it and I was imagining explaining stuff to my coworkers and I was like half talking, speaking some words here and there. I recall feeling like this sort of euphoric feeling and I could sorta feel this rush in my head or brain or w/e. I lost track of time and ended up cleaning myself over and over again because I was so distracted, but it felt good. Almost felt like a high, but I didn't feel good about it because it was like I was getting pleasure from what I was hoping other people would think of me. I didn't feel it was a good natural feeling of happiness.
 The earliest memory I have of something like this happening was when I was probably around the age of 13 or something. I remember doing sit ups or something in my room, and then thinking, “Hey, wouldn't it be cool if this one girl who is kinda cute and popular in my brothers grade was looking at me through my window (which is on a second story and would require a ladder to be placed in my backyard for crying out loud! And which also is blocked by tall trees in a suburban neighborhood so no one can actually see from their windows) I remember it becoming almost like...a mix of reality and fantasy.....I guess....I almost believed enough that she actually was peeking at me from outside my window (it was night so it almost made it more believable if I couldn't see her because it was dark) and I was able to sustain this as actually happening, like it was literally happening and it made me feel so good inside knowing she was looking at me, like it made me feel good about myself and just a whole bunch of other things that I don't know what words to use properly. At the same time though I did not actually see her, and I didn't actually think she was there, like I wasn't convinced, but I dunno.....
 Any literature or information would be helpful because I don't think it is a stable behavior or way of thinking. It makes me feel better, but gives me an unrealistic expectation for myself in that I feel like I have to become a unique individual, like someone who has had a rough life/experience but has overcome it and now is giving a big speech or has invented something or has an inspiring ted talk and can be seen around the world. It's almost as if I need to become famous for something, in order to be content and be okay with like dying or something.... Otherwise I feel like I am going to be miserable for the rest of my life and feel totally unsatisfied. I also have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder(was severe for a while) and social phobia for several years now. With depression I experience long bouts of unhappiness or no good feelings at all and so this sorta thing is almost like an addiction and then it creates this unrealistic expectation on my perspective of the world that I can only be happy if I become like famous for being smart or something. When I was younger I thought that was fine because I thought that wanting to be smart was a noble thing, and at least I wasn't trying to be famous for the sake of it like a Kardashian or something like that. But then I realized that I value intelligence, and other people value looks and stuff, which is really just a difference of opinion and likes and what not....so it has nothing to do with the subject matter, but rather that I want to be famous and admire and liked and I feel like that is the only way to be content and so on. That is where it is the same as anyone else who has a need to be famous and I think that that is a bit of a problem right there. So now I don't feel it is an okay thing and therefore I am trying to figure this whole thing out lol.
  TLDR; Sometimes I fantasize that I am discussing something to people which makes me look unique/special and this feels good/weird and I will actually speak out loud as if they are there. Is this normal/not normal? What is the psychological explanation for this, or any explanation for that matter?"
"Why does Cannabis help me more than Antidepressants and Adderall? What's wrong with me?  Close  4  Posted by  3 years ago  Archived  Why does Cannabis help me more than Antidepressants and Adderall? What's wrong with me?  Sober me on no drugs: Can't think properly, miserable, suicidal, afraid to do anything.
 I am diagnosed with major depression and adhd. Over the last... almost 2 years(? I believe) I have been on 3 different antidepressants, off and on smoking cannabis, and adderall.
 First depression medication did nothing (that I remember, my memory is hazy), second I got switched off rather quickly to zoloft, and the third, zoloft, had good effects for a month or two, then stopped doing much, but continued having horrible side effects. I quit zoloft a month ago.
 Adderall helps me focus, but not even by much, and not that that even matters if I hate my own thoughts.
 Cannabis helps me focus, think clearer, not hate myself, and be less on edge. My depression is still there, and still gnaws at the back of my mind more and more until my high wears off, but it is actually bearable. The best thing about it though is the not being on edge. Constantly I am stressed, constantly I look for things to relieve the stress, but it never works. Now I don't focus on the constant lingering doom that I always feel, don't constantly feel watched, and I don't feel ""tricked"" by my own thoughts. I just think clearly, I'm not quite sure how to describe it. When I'm high, it's like I don't hate myself, and like I can actually enjoy and learn more about the world without constantly not seeing through clouded and delusional eyes.
 However, less and less does being high hold back the misery. I'm starting to see that I was best when I was first on zoloft and weed. I saw my psychiatrist a few days ago, after I realized I should probably get back on antidepressants, and he prescribed me Venlafaxine. Unfortunately, I did some research and there is no way in hell am I taking that drug. I know most antidepressants have bad side effects, and you just have to weigh the pros and cons accordingly, but from what I can tell 95% of people that have tried it have said it was awful. I have a doctor appointment in a few days, and I am going to get a referral to a new psychiatrist and/or psychologist. The problem is, with the amount of time that will take to happen, and then the time it takes for a new antidepressant to actually kick in, I honestly NEED this to be a time I get a decent medication. I can't go through this again. I have been suicidal for years, and I know if I have another failure on antidepressants, I'll just be done.
 I don't know what to tell my new doctor, I don't know why cannabis helps me more than prescribed drugs, I don't know if I should tell the new dr I smoke, I don't know if I'll be able to describe my own feelings properly, I just really don't know what to do about anything anymore."
"Why don't I(22F) want to have sex with my BF(24M)?  Relationships  Close  2  Posted by  1 year ago  Archived  Why don't I(22F) want to have sex with my BF(24M)?  Relationships  Throwaway because my BF knows my main. Tl;dr at the bottom.
 My BF and I have been together for a little over 2 years. The relationship is great, he's the sweetest man in my life, and I couldn't ask for anyone better. We rarely fight...but last night we did, and it was about our time in the bedroom...or lack thereof.
 We're not living together, and we are only able to meet once or twice a week because of our conflicting schedules, from work, etc. He has a really high sex drive unlike me, but when I'm feeling it I am  really  into it.
 I can and do feel sexual pleasure, I get horny, I fantasize about having sex with my BF. When I'm alone, I read erotica, or watch porn, and I masturbate. I look forward to meeting my BF at the end of the week.
 But when we finally get to see and touch each other, my libido shuts off completely. I no longer want to have sex with him. I don't know why; I still think he's attractive and sexy, and he's good in bed. He's always looking for new ways to get me off, which I think is really sweet. We also sometimes try new things to spice up our sex lives. Like I said, when I'm feeling it, I get really into it.
 But when I'm not, it's obvious. He would get upset if we haven't been intimate for over a week. Like, he gets irritable and pissed at everything. He'll try to initiate it any chance he gets, but sometimes his advances turn me off even more. I admit that sometimes, even though I'm not into it, I'd agree to have sex with him so he wouldn't be upset, and even then I just want to quickly get it over and done with. He's not happy if I'm not enjoying it, but it's either that, or we don't do it at all.
 I know it's fucking with his self-confidence, and my rejecting his advances is making him question his self-worth and wonder if he's unattractive or doing something wrong. I tell him no, I keep reassuring him that I still do find him attractive, and that us not having sex doesn't mean I love him any less. But when he asks what's the problem, I can never answer that. Because I really have no idea. I can feel horny all week, but when we're close to doing the actual thing, I suddenly don't want to. Then we go back to living our lives and I start feeling horny again. It becomes a cycle that I myself can't understand.
 He's recently told me that it's kind of a deal breaker for him. I understand that for some guys sex and intimacy is an important factor in a relationship. I don't want our relationship to end over something like this, when literally everything else is just fine. I don't want my BF to think that he's the problem. I have a feeling the problem is with  me , but I honestly don't know what is wrong, or what I should do to fix it?
 I don't want to have sex just to keep this relationship, I want to maintain my libido and have sex with him because I  want  to. I want us to be intimate again. Is there anything I can do to maybe increase my sex drive?
 BTW, this is probably relevant, but I am diagnosed with major depression and am taking medication for it. I've done some googling, and the meds I'm taking has been known to lower the user's sex drive, and the common advice is that they should discuss with their doctors to find meds that don't. However, the meds I'm using are working fine for me, as in it's keeping my depression at bay and I think I'm recovering slowly, but I don't know if I want to change it completely just to increase my sex drive. What if the new meds increases it, but doesn't help my mental health? What if I never find meds that can help my mental health  and  my sex drive? It took a long time to find the right meds and dosage that finally works for me, and I'm not sure if I'm able to go through that trial and error phase again.
  TL;DR I don't want to have sex with my BF and I don't know why, it's affecting his self confidence and our relationship. I think the problem is with me, but I don't know what's wrong. I need help."
"Why I don't re-enter the corporate world  Remorse  Close  3  Posted by  2 years ago  Archived  Why I don't re-enter the corporate world  Remorse  [Remorse]
 I have been diagnosed with Major Depression and General Anxiety Disorder.  I have been receiving SSDI for about ten years now because of my condition.
 I tried once to re-enter the corporate workspace.  It lasted 10 months.  I was working for a for-profit university.  My boss was an insane coke addict.  Things got so bad I just checked myself into the mental hospital and never went back.  I ended up getting a workers comp settlement.
 I really do not want to enter the corporate workforce again.  I honestly believe that in the bottom of my heart I am the type of person to grab a gun, show up at work, and just start shooting people I do not like before blowing my brains out.  I would totally do it."
"WIBTA if I returned my cat to the animal shelter and started caring for my brother's dog instead?  Asshole  Close  0  Posted by  5 months ago  WIBTA if I returned my cat to the animal shelter and started caring for my brother's dog instead?  Asshole  #quick background
   i've loved cats and wanted one as a pet for as long as i can remember. my parents never let me have one, making up various excuses like ""maybe we'll be allergic"" and ""what happens when you leave the house for college""
   my older brother has long since moved out of the house. he adopted a puppy from Craigslist, and then later, thought his puppy was lonely, and so got a second puppy. he currently has two dogs, both fully grown and around 4-5 years old.
   i have had depression since i was probably 15, and was formally diagnosed when i was 18 and went to a psychiatrist provided by on-campus student health services. i am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and general anxiety disorder (the classic dynamic duo)
   when i was 19, someone anonymously reported me to campus police because they were worried about my mental state. after several evaluations, i was forcibly admitted into a psychiatric ward, and stayed for seven days. when my family found out, they were very worried - they knew that i had depression but never took it seriously until that event.
   my brother suggested that i adopt a cat as an emotional support animal, and brought my parents on board. i spent a few months going to different shelters before i adopted an adult cat
   recently, my cat was diagnosed with hyperthyroidism. this happened before i got pet insurance, so it is considered a pre-existing condition (and pretty much no pet insurance covers that). i am paying almost $50/month for her medication, which must be administered twice daily, for the rest of her forseeable life.
   in general: i care for my cat and would probably feel guilty if i had to give her back. she's very cute and quite clingy, but also has had multiple accidents (went to the vet, they think she's just acting out. yes, her litter box was clean and could be accessed, and some accidents were right next to the litter box) and throws up every now and then.
    
 my brother suggested that i consider returning the cat to the shelter, and start taking care of one of his dogs instead. one of his dogs is very friendly, loving, obedient, and generally low-maintenance. i know dogs usually require more work than cats, and must be walked. i'm wondering if the dog may be better for me, and if it would make me an asshole to return the cat.
 my bf, who i live with, has developed a bond with the cat and doesn't want to see her go. he also doesn't like dogs and says he is not interested in keeping one as a pet"
"Workplace help  Questions/Advice  Close  6  Posted by  11 months ago  Archived  Workplace help  Questions/Advice  I've set an appointment for my family doctor to try and get some mental help. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and general anxiety. Never seemed to fit right and I've been having a lot of problems with emotions. I'm not trying to self diagnose myself but I've seen many posts from this sub that captured my thinking perfectly so I wanted to ask for help. Had a bit of a breakdown at work and confined in my assistant manager alot, she asked if there was anyway they could help me, atleast until I can talk to the doctor and try to better understand myself. Im thankful that she asked but I don't know how to make the work day less stressful for me. I work in a retail job and have to deal with customers regularly, that's one of my tough spots but they can't take me off the floor. I've had clashes with coworkers and how there work is done and how they talk with me. She said she could ask coworkers to give me more space and it sucks because usually it's not the coworker but a situation or the way something is said or something. Like if someone stares at me, stand off to the side and just stare, rage boils up until I want to scream WTF DO YOU WANT but it takes everything to keep the anger in, it usually comes off as grumpy, irritated or just plain pissed out if I can't keep it contained. Dosent matter who either , could a stranger or my FB, just silently standing there staring at me and it will light a fire in me.
 Sorry for the ramble, has anyone any ideas to help with explosive emotions in the workplace?
 ---Confinded in manager about mental health and she asked if there was anything they could do to help with my stress and anger. What do you think would help you?"
Worried about my mental health  Close  1  Posted by  7 months ago  Archived  Worried about my mental health  I recently left for college and I’ve become increasingly worried about my mental health. I know that I need to talk to someone and I’ve taken steps to talk to the people around me, plan to set up an appointment with a counselor, and will let my doctor know. It’s not anything that’s really new, I think I’m just in an environment where it is more pronounced because of stress and loneliness. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. But for quite a while now I’ve feared I have schizoaffective disorder. I’m not sure if the things I’m experiencing would fall in that category but my great grandma and first cousin are schizoaffective. Until like today I thought some of these things were normal so that’s partly why I’m posting this here. Every since I was little I have been afraid people are reading my mind through touch. For example if I was thinking something I shouldn’t be thinking and I was touching my mom’s leg with mine, I would move my leg so she couldn’t read it anymore. Or if we were in the car I would pick my feet up off the floor because people (whose feet would also be on the floor) could read it through touching something I was touching. When I had to do little things like go upstairs, something in brain would say “if you don’t get upstairs in 4 seconds your brother is going to die” and I can’t make it stop. I usually am able to complete whatever the task is. I can’t tell if I’m dreaming or not and sometimes I feel like I’m not even really in college, just at home and dreaming that I’m in college. Other times I feel like I’m the only person who’s real and everyone else is in my head.
"Worried about suddenly feeling great.  Close  2  Posted by  9 months ago  Archived  Worried about suddenly feeling great.  So ive dealt with depression for years and am diagnosed with major depressive disorder and anxiety. So the last few days ive been coming out of a depressive episode and my mood has been slowly building upwards over the last few days.
 Basically its kind of peaked today where i have like an abnormal amount of energy for me. I feel like i could run a marathon and feel ridiculously positive about pretty much everything. Nothing has happened to cause this change and i havent experienced this before. I dont even feel like the same person i was a few days ago and feel positive about the future and my self confidence( weird for me)
 Anyways sorry this is long. Anyone else experienced this? Im worried to lose this feeling and almost know its inevitible but should i contact my psychiatrist? Or just enjoy the relief for a bit? Thanks for reading!"
Worried I'm Broken  REQUESTING SUPPORT  Close  2  Posted by  2 months ago  Worried I'm Broken  REQUESTING SUPPORT  So I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and OCD since I was 15 and I'm 24 now. I've been through the cycle of therapists and psychiatrists, like 10 times, been on countless medications and combinations of medications, and even been hospitalized once. Nothing has ever helped. One medication worked once, but I develop tolerances quickly and it stopped working after, like, 6 months. In the last year, I kind of had a breakdown and stopped going to therapists and am not on medication and, as part of said breakdown, have done nothing to regain insurance so I can't hop back on the wheel of treatments right now. Anyway, what's been bothering me lately is the thought that the fact that I've been so mentally ill during kind of all the important brain development years might have actually lead to my brain being kind of broken. Well, more broken than said mental illnesses imply. Like, permanently broken. I mean, it doesn't seem that crazy to me. Depression can kind of change the way your brain works and I don't have a therapist to share this fear with and hope it is assuaged. I guess I'm just hoping someone tells me I'm being silly and this whole fear is my OCD talking.
Would There Be Any Interest in Reading Your Posts (The one’s that ask for advice) on my YouTube channel?  Support  Close  4  Posted by  1 day ago  Would There Be Any Interest in Reading Your Posts (The one’s that ask for advice) on my YouTube channel?  Support  I recently made a YouTube channel and I want my channel to be rewarding and helpful to myself and others. I personally am diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety, and PTSD. I could make my own subreddit for people who want the advice. Obviously I don’t have a ton of subscribers yet. But this would be really meaningful to me. I would love to help others and bring attention to your post to get even more advice on it. Or I could keep it completely private. It would be up to you. I’ve always been the mom of my friend group and the one person that everyone comes to advice for. My personality is very blunt and to the point, but I’m also extremely selfless and caring. If you think this would be helpful to yourself and others please let me know. I know everyone doesn’t have access to a therapist. And I’m not saying I’m a qualified therapist. But if someone really needs the help / advice I would love to be that person. No one should ever feel alone. And it doesn’t just have to be for mental health it could be about anything. I just think mental health is extremely important to be aware about. A lot of the time people assume but have no idea what’s going on behind closed doors. Thank you for taking the time to read this 😊
"Would you consider it worth it to get disability benefits for depression?  Close  3  Posted by  3 months ago  Would you consider it worth it to get disability benefits for depression?  I know for me especially, my depression is really bad. I've been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for the longest that I can remember. and while I dont get disability for it or anything, sometimes I wish I could just to get things a bit easier.
 but at the same time i would now be considered disabled, combined with the stigma both disabilities and depression itself have, make me really embarrassed to even consider trying.."
"Youd think with this being my third serious relapse since my initial recovery three years ago, the health service, or at least my gp would take it a bit more seriously and try to find something that will actually help me recover for good.
 I have been referred to counselling AGAIN, because my gp thinks that because I lied a lot before that I'm actually better than I think, and so I don't need to see a psychiatrist anymore, even though I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, and in the past, anorexia.
 Im not sure what to do now because counseling doesn't help me at all, I need something else, what that is I don't know but I don't know how to access this without my gp, she just isn't listening to me and that actually makes me feel worse."
